" Giving away a pair of Jordan Flu Game elites!To Enter:1) Retweet2) Follow me and Winner DMed 3/1 ht"
"Rockin' Pneumonia and the Boogie Woogie Flu by Johnny Rivers, from #SoundHound "
"Oooh.... You been tryin dudes since '92 That pussy sick now, you got vagina flu,  Fuck you tryna do?"
"It makes things more interesting! That man founded 'man-flu'. His body was failing, so he got beautiful women to take care of him!"
"I WANT TO WAIT FOR 2NE1 TONGHT BUT I'M HAVING FLU AND I ATE MY MEDICINE ALR GDI FREAKIN SLEEPY RN TAT"
"The flu in the house, not a good thing!"
"sick with the flu in bed since Sunday except to bring u a salad"
"Remember us if you get the FLU. Qualified patients will receive: Study Flu medication that may help with FLU... "
" Giving away a pair of Jordan Flu Game elites!To Enter:1) Retweet2) Follow me and Winner DMed 3/1 ht"
"If you walk down the street and smile at someone, that will get passed on to the next person. Same concept for swine flu"
" Medicinal #HerbGarden: Cold and Flu  #gardening #organic #naturalhealth #gardenchat #herbs"
" Giving away a pair of Jordan Flu Game elites!To Enter:1) Retweet2) Follow me and Winner DMed 3/1 ht"
"i got flu rob :"So I think I came down with the flu but honestly at this moment all I want are some buffalo wings"
" Flu is attacking T.T"
"FFS I hate that I suffer from man flu "
"Flu berat:" wonder if its wise to go to work with these flu symptoms...."
"Laura Bush and the flu "
"good ! Cuz that shit is no good all these idiots go for flu shots "
" I love how everyone is complaining about school when im stuck at home sick with the flu wishing that i was at school"
"The flu has hit brooklyn, my mom, and now lyncoln just in the past day. #idonotvolunteerastribute #getmeoutofhere"
"Oh you poor darling. Heres a film to cheer you up and help you get over your Lady Flu  #snotwhatisaid"
"- wow, you going the gym now? When did this start? I had flu last week, no gym for me! :-("
"I fought the flu and kicked it's ass."
"Right time to shape up look sharp hahaha ! This flu can bugger off I need to go shoppinggggg!!!  #HappyWednesdayBitches"
"Never been so sick in my life. #flu #fml"
"flu and headache obviously came at the wrong damn time with cramps and what not."
"Heres a fun flu fact: Flu is not fun. Fact. Get well soon!  #snotwhatisaid"
"I'm recovering from this flu "
"Cold, flu, cough, fever."
" So I'm getting early flu symptoms, ugh. But here I made a new justmine manip ayyy. What do you think? 
"I have the stomach flu"
"Whos got the flu !??? Yeah thats right i got the flu !  #great"
"how you gonna make me go to school when I have the flu???"
"flu? Don't come to school with that! Lbvs"
" If you get any emails saying you can get swine flu from tins of ham, delete them cos their spam."
" Like you know you're kind of fucked in the head when you're thankful you get the stomach flu when you've eaten too much."
"After 30 hours or more of travelling home I am sick as a dog in bed and can't even sleep. This flu needs to disappear NOW! #sick #fml"
"This flu is getting on mah nerves."
"Why can't sick people stay home? It's flu season people if I get the flu again I'm gonna be one pissed off bitch"
"Well coop was off school for two days puking :( now it's cams turn :( blah!! Stomach flu leave this household now!!!"
"Got the flu for sure. Staying home  " Battling the flu/hangover, I may have accidentally come across a pill-nose spray-coffee combination with slight hallucin"
"Coming down with the 24 hour flu is just the cherry on top to what I've been dealing with. #SickAsADog"
"i sure do love having the flu"
"The flu sucks epically"
"I'm tryna but them Flu games he's playing bruh "
"i swear, now my flu and headache is very annoying. i cant stand it."
"Flu, sore throat headache. Perfect combo "
"Sick. Whyyyyy... #flu"
"It's easy to mistake the early signs and symptoms of meningitis for the flu. So that flu could be a little more serious than you think."
"dont cry, having flu already consumes your tissues, gws."
" Having the seasonal flu jab could reduce the risk of stroke by more than a quarter, researchers have discovered. 
"This flu is fucking my shit up!"
"Iya sisi{} Gwss milmil:* "Demam+flu syg:) Sick apaan shay? "I'm sick bebi:"Have flu :( Got a low immune system so I suffer a bit"
"this is gonna turn into full fledged flu by the end of today, i can feel it "
"I prefer alka seltzer cold and flu (the pills, not the fizzy drink stuff) and lots of rest and fluids, baby girl!"
"Hi there Mark hope the show is great today. I am recording with a friend of mine this afternoon (struggling man flu!)"
"An eharmony dating website but for single people who just need someone to take care of them only for the duration of their bout with the flu"
"*high 5* team FLU!!!!!"
"eh ada orang nan jauh di mato  Iya hen ada apa ? "dan.....flu bengek pun melanda :"how's the flu and autophagy being received? Poster, I mean, not the illness :P or are posters later?"
" I agree totally - flu is a nasty illness - but cfs is just an insult."
"John Mayer a cup of tee to cure this flu, I'm not really sure it works but it feels good"
"Check out "Bird Flu (featuring Ms. Phantum)" by YAMAS I PROMISE - "
"Ease my flu hot chocolate... (Starbucks) "
"Troy Talking About I Had The Swan Flu He Better Quit Playing With Me ."
"I fucking hate flu"
"no I didn't get the flu shot that shit makes you sick"
"The flu life chose me, it lavvvvs me -_-"
"Flu emng ga enak. Ayolah lg padet2nyaa"If I could shift this flu/cold thing before going back to uni, that'd be great"
"I have the flu and my mother made me come to school, what kind of bullshit is this."
"I can't taste anything  #flu #ginger #lemon #yellow #sick   "
"Going into work with the flu will be interesting"
"Sick of feeling ill and unable to do anything #flu #mehh #cough"
"Need answers chronic hepatitis c positive - Hepatitis C - MedHelp  Avoid the Flu "
"I fucking hate flu"
"Five cases of viral hepatitis reported in Pune  Avoid the Flu "
"Claims of cure for HIV, Hepatitis C are a 'scandal': Egypt presidential advisor  Avoid the Flu "
"Never knew there could be such things as flu selfie. Lol i take like 100 selfies and send them to my friends :p spam selfie?"
"What's with the sudden flu attack???????"
"Well, I have a highly contagious strand of the flu so I'm doing you all a favor and staying home again #Yourewelcome"
"This flu is killing me slowly blergh"
"sounds like me last week, got a flu shot ?"
"Nan coming round with cold and flu remedies has made my day "
"At this time of year many people catch colds and flu, try these foods to prevent or help alleviate the symptoms: "
"i t is slowly evolving to flu conditions my friend"
"At my networking meeting this morning we had some friendly banter about man flu which reminded me of this great... "
"At my networking meeting this morning we had some friendly banter about man flu which reminded me of this great... "
"thanks got flu"
"Morning! It's 4:34 am  I've had the flu and haven't gone to school so j thought I should wake up early to take a shower before school "
" Giving away a pair of Jordan Flu Game elites!To Enter:1) Retweet2) Follow me and Winner DMed 3/1 ht"
"Oh no.I got a flu "day 3 of the stomach flu."
"I'm not even hung over I have the flu"
"Think I sweated out 20 lbs while sleeping last night. #flu"
" Dear flu, pliz take a leave. Im tired with you."
"When the man sitting beside me in the van said that he has a flu, i'm like "pls stay away from me.""
"- February 2014 - Fend Off the Flu "
"Check out this article from the Workout With Ray Health Fitness e-Magazine Fend Off the Flu - "
"Flu plez leave me alone....Thank Ya :-)"
"stomach flu is going around. I hope that's not what you have! "
"Only 1 thing to do when a bout of Man Flu strikes... Put the hours in on Ultimate team"
"You just had to share yr flu virus!!!"
"This flu is gonna be the death of me "
"I will be looking forward to it. Been up all night with my little guy and the stomach flu! Sooo tired"
" Time to finish this edit and finally hop on cod and concentrate for the first time in 3 weeks, flu was over in a day :D"
"Serious case of man flu."
" Giving away a pair of Jordan Flu Game elites!To Enter:1) Retweet2) Follow me and Winner DMed 3/1 ht"
"Ugh I got the flu "
"Brother has the stomach flu..gonna be scrubbing my hands for the next few days cuz there's no way I'm gettin that shit "
" Giving away a pair of Jordan Flu Game elites!To Enter:1) Retweet2) Follow me and Winner DMed 3/1 ht"
"Dear flu, pliz take a leave. Im tired with you."
"if i went to school with the flu, you can go with a cold"
" Lee Jong Suk, who has recovered a lot from his flu, will start filming on February 28  
"I'm not well mate man flu haha"
"Sheesh , I've have bronchitis 3 times now I have the flu bacteria in the back of my throat  I'm always sick man "
" flu block nose not a good combination"
"The stomach flu and a migraine is the worst combination when ur sick:("
" Giving away a pair of Jordan Flu Game elites!To Enter:1) Retweet2) Follow me and Winner DMed 3/1 ht"
"I wish all my classes would be canceled so I didn't have to feel guilty for missing another day because of the flu #sleepy #sick #iwanthome"
"my dad is such drama queen telling me about H1N1 like no chill its just the flu LMAO "
"EG Flu Tracking News Scientists demonstrate first contagious airborne WiFi virus - Eureka! Science News "
"EG Flu Tracking News Now in 3-D: Video of virus-sized particle trying to enter cell - Eureka! Science News "
"Fight the flu  "
"Fight the flu  "
"Flu is attacking T.T"
"Sometimes the Flu takes us all down. Heres a funny video to cheer you up!   #snotwhatisaid"
"i didnt even study today!! aiyo f u flu"
"All good thanks! Everyone's had a flu/temperatures/colds etc for last few weeks but all good now! Not too serious an op I hope?"
"idk I think I have the flu"
"Its all in the mind bro, drink plenty of fluids and piss the flu out!!  Haha best way to get rid quickly"
" I have Flu and I am Sounding Sexy ^.^"
"You have the stomach flu too?"
"cough plus flu getting worser by the day"
"Pusing.lemes.flu :'( (at Delly's Room)  "
". Rose the benfits of both are plenty. My sis used to make honey+cinnamon+lemon tea for flu."
" _:         fluflueflew""
"Why won't this flu go away "
"down with flu "
"Soo run down!! Hate having the flu "
"asthma + flu + fever :("
"it's probably not the flu. Trust me, when I had it felt literally awful....it was a struggle to make a tweet! Feel better tho!"
"Like srsly it would be so great to not have the stomach flu."
" Giving away a pair of Jordan Flu Game elites!To Enter:1) Retweet2) Follow me and Winner DMed 3/1 ht"
"Watching FLU  "
"I wonder if I'm gona survive anada dae with dis flu!"
"Funny ha ha on Saturday I started taking a multi vitamin now today I'm getting the flu. Hmm."
"Now I have the flu "
"Got asked for ID in two different chemist s as they didn't believe I was over 16 for flu meds"
"I keep having dreams about people I know, is it this flu?"
" Goodnight #lovatics !I'm sorry  I cant stay upfor u2tweet 2nite b/c I hv the flu n hv2 go2 school tm "
"I've resigned myself to the library so nobody else has to suffer the spluttering misery that is me today. Man-flu kills folks."
"YOIIIIIH "CAPSJEBOL TUH NENG ? " restrays THANKYOU A "GWS " restrays Hamin sekian selalu flu:'|"""
"I apparently have snark flu. I just looked at what I wrote yesterday and it doesn't have one sarcastic line. Need antidote."
"Lost a couple of pounds I guess the stomach flu will do that. #hatesbeingsick #yucky"
" It's Game Day  I'm Still Sick Tho .....! FLU GAME!!!"
"It's Game Day  I'm Still Sick Tho .....! FLU GAME!!!"
"NWAlert -H1N1 (Swine Flu): Flu shot side effects - "
"Watching FLU  "
"severe throat infection and stomach flu, nasty combo hahaha"
"I just completed my health survey on Join to help track the flu - and see the flu activity in your area!"
"Flu jabs may help reduce strokeillness "
"this flu is getting worsen at night. even medicine can't help me"
"How to avoid swine flu while flying in an airplane - Helium "
"How to avoid swine flu. "
""Flu kills pregnant woman: ", awww my heart goes out to the baby.."
"Why do I only get sick when I have a ton of shit to do?? Fucking flu."
"You have the Flu eh? Dont order a Tuna Melt at your local caf  #snotwhatisaid"
"So I might have the flu  "
"Why is the flu coming back?"
"Good luck! I wash my toys every Friday and sanitize my surfaces everyday, alas half my class still got the stomach flu."
"Knock Out by the flu when I have to do afternoon shift and get back at night tomorrow..."
"Got the cold or flu? Pamper yourself w/ Abra Therapeutics soothing herbal bath 2 help ease congestion, aches chills "
"Yes! Feeling flu-like symptoms. Body really hurts 2day. Son has preK + LunchBunch=extended day 4 me. need energy 2 get out of bed"
"Getting the flu... Go away in Jesus name!"
"Flu flu go away come again on finals dayyyy"
"Feel like shit wish the flu would fuck off now after 3 weeks of it"
" BioCryst IV flu antiviral peramivir under FDA review  #FDA $BCRX #pharma #biotech #flu #influenza #"
"innocent comment  Mscheeeeew...ati swine flu  Hey chap are you feeling better? #swineflu recovery""
" Medicinal #HerbGarden: Cold and Flu  #gardening #organic #naturalhealth #gardenchat #herbs"
" Pineapple juice is 5 times more effective than cough syrup. It also prevents colds and the flu."
"Gym when you've got flu is pure stress"
" is this the flu season or"
"Dying of flu and housekeeping kick me out of my room so they can clean it. Sitting in lobby with everyone avoiding me. #firstworldproblems"
"Omg! I've got a flu.. Hate it!"
" Here's still more proof that the flu vaccine works "
"Cough , flu , asthma.  Perfect combo for such a cold night ."
"Flu alert! Everyone stand back and guard your nose!  #snotwhatisaid"
"Thanks! Turned out to be the flu. So no meds for now."
"If being on speed is half as good as cold and flu tablets then SIGN ME UP"
"Of all the myths abt EDs, the 'if I cld just get one enough to lose a few lbs' pisses me off. It's not like catching the flu FFS. #EDAW2014"
"This stomach flu has got to go "
"Most likely have the flu "
"Battling the flu this week. Simply wishing everybody everywhere a Happy Wednesday! "
"So I passed out for 2hours my sis's place? This flu is the death of me...eish "
"flu "Cepat sembuh yaa,cantikk"Ya allah flu berat :"Daily read -Contraindications for giving flu shot - "
"STUDY, Canadian CDC: (Brainwashed) People who got seasonal flu vaccine more likely to get deadly pandemic  pig human"
"Thought I could sleep this sick feeling away... I was wrong, somehow I feel worse :/ I hope it is not the flu!"
"Woke up with the worst migraine ever, to the point it made me puke..  really hoping this ain't a flu coming on"
"This flu came at a wrong time!! Feel like vomiting... yuck! So not sexy!! Lol"
"Well, what's rag week like up there this year? I was gonna head up to you but I'm stuck at home with the flu :/"
"Are you still stomach flu free? I hope!"
"One thing when I get it the flu just rape me bad"
"Protecting the young one from the FLU bug... I can't carry him till I recover #goawayflu "
"got two tickets for Wild Beasts tonight if you're interested? Xoyo in Shoreditch, have the flu so can't go :("
"You on some cat flu or some shit?"
" Mscheeeeew....ati swine flu  Hey chap are you feeling better? #swineflu recovery""
"I feel like I'm getting the flu ..  I don't have time for that . "
" Hate having the flu.  Doing everything in slow motion and draging myself around :'("
"My moms fianc gave me the flu "
"The last time I had a flu was in 2005 that's was 9 years ago n now I feel am getting it"
"I have Flu and I am Sounding Sexy ^.^"
"2 all those lazy parents: if ur child has the stomach flu take care of them Urself dont bring them n 2 daycare n get my GF sick "Defo getting the flu #GR8 "
"Stress Is More Contagious Than Flu | Good ways to deal with it! Some you've likely heard of before... "
" Giving away a pair of Jordan Flu Game elites!To Enter:1) Retweet2) Follow me and Winner DMed 3/1 ht"
"Still got this nasty flu virus been to docs still got another 5 -7 days before i can get out about again don't wish this on anybody xxx"
"The Flu~ [pic]  "
"thought for once i had avoided it, but the flu always manages to find me #NoEscaping #Sick #SomebodyBringMeSoup #EverythingHurts"
"This flu couldn't have come at a worse time..."
"Idk how I'm gettn sick .. I got my flu shot ? "
"must be in the air again. My mom is sick with flu and I hate it and I am 41! :)"
" I'm either getting the flu or having alcohol withdrawals. Either way, whiskey will help right?"
"The flu has finished me"
"Requiring a massage feel like ive had a encounter with the x5 bus pray im not cumin down with flu "
" Giving away a pair of Jordan Flu Game elites!To Enter:1) Retweet2) Follow me and Winner DMed 3/1 ht"
"Health Committee report on Public Health England today echoes concerns raised in CHPI report on pan flu preparedness "
"Everyone wants to stay home from school..until you have the flu #thisisintfun"
"Flu bikin semua nggak konsen:" Pineapple juice is 5 times more effective than cough syrup. It also prevents colds and the flu."
"Basically, I caught the flu over half term and forced myself to go to college for a stupid 45 minute mock"
"Laura Bush and theflu "
"Laura Bush and the flu  "
"Vaccines as Biological Weapons: in 2009, Live Avian Flu Virus in Baxter Vaccines in 18 Countries("mistake" is alibi?!)"
" I'm pretty sure now has pneumonia after listening to the 2nd verse, how's the flu, bra?"
"HANDSOME!! HANDSOME! HANDSOME!! oppa, are you okay nowno more flu? hope you are fine :("
"Like you know you're kind of fucked in the head when you're thankful you get the stomach flu when you've eaten too much."
"Terus nilai TO nya jelek deh *eh haha;p kehujanan terus, flu terus, males belajar terus :"I am not those people who complain :" oh sick , oh staying in bed , why me why flu , i need my mom""But sickness had me w baraberi nzlt"
"#GoodMorning Got a flu so that's what im going to be doing all day. My Lovely Warm Bed! "
"I actually think I have the flu"
"Having the flu and being dehydrated to the point where my legs cramp up just from standing.... What a great week "
"Flu hawa na please..."
"sadly my student budget wont allow for one of those so I may have to opt for one of them swine flu face masks!"
"yea the flu sucks I lost 10 pounds when I had it but now I'm 177 so I'm good"
"Medicinal #HerbGarden: Cold and Flu  #gardening #organic #naturalhealth #gardenchat #herbs"
"Chelsea will win it anyway. If all the Bayern first team and reserves and U11s catch a semi-serious strain of flu."
" - Flu Shot May Lower Stroke Risk, Too "
"Aamiin syg, makasih ya;)"GWS ayu "Ini flu apaan sih berhari2 gini, ganggu bgt:" ...but not censured for saying homeopathy can treat IBS/Chrohns/ashtma/arthritis/lupus/chicken pox/aspergers/ME/flu/col"
" Fuck the flu"
"My fever , my headche, my flu.Please go away. Just stay away from me.I wish."
"Feel like going to Baby Bear to get my flu jab instead. Doc Teo will be super careful but its so embarrassing"
"Sudden flu again.Can't stop sniffling."
"Hayfever, flu somewhat like that (?) I ain't no doctor"
"Man Flu 1 - Gary 0  #manflu #mandownPlease don't make me sick "
"Down with fever and flu , sigh."
"flu block nose not a good combination"
"Flu..yeah right!"
"Flu and period. How wonderful #VoteTaylor #KCA"
" Why Ashwin wearing long sleeve shirt now? Is he having flu today? Or maybe he scared of Bangla sun. It make arms dark. #"
"This flu will have to go by the weekend"
"Yay!  I found the flu :) :)  feeling lucky"
"Mscheeeeew....ati swine flu  Hey chap are you feeling better? #swineflu recovery""
"Wow this sucks. I wouldn't wish the stomach flu on anybody. I'd seriously rather be at school and work than deal with this."
"Iya hen ada apa ? "dan.....flu bengek pun melanda :"Man flu has definitely got a hold of me.. Day of Walking Dead is me right now!"
"if you had the flu you would get into bed and rest. But I hope you feel better soon"
"I won't. But at least I'll be able to recover from the flu in peace."
"I won't be there...really rough. Think I got flu. Dont want to pass anything on Joiwch :) xx"
" Idk what's wrong with me. Like I got a flu shot so it can't be that"
"Nothing to do, nobody to talk toI haven't slept in 4 days, but I can't sleep because of my flu. Today's going tobe a really fun day for me"
" Ughhh flu"
"Indeed so. I've got some nasty flu bug so seeing a cute doggy pic has cheered me up actually! :-)"
"What a day to feel like shit on, fuck the flu I will beat you, I've had my jabs!!!!! #houseofinfection"
"NWAlert -What are the side effects of the flu shot? - "
"yeah about having the flu lol"
"Been feeling like shit all week. Doc said it was the flu but I think he's nuts."
"is this the flu season or"
"Things not to do on a train #321: discuss aloud how sick you were this morning and how you definitely have the flu. #awesome #etiquette"
" Feel so crappy today #flu"
"won't be able to make it, i have an intense flu and I don't want to get my germs over everyone"
"aha .. I'm with flu friend .. thanks!xoxo:("
"Fuck this flu!"
"Ughhh flu"
"hello H!! pleeeeease follow me?I love you:D  () Flu"
"I look like . And that is ok because I have the flu "
"There was a time people Chicken flu was epidemic , it was even scarier than HIV"
"Shit down with the flu need see doctor where got time to do pi mow D:"
"Great i think i have the cunting flu "
"The flu will be the death of me"
"That flu had kicked my ass! But those 7 days from work made me weaker! I'm glad to be back honestly"
" I'm bout to be cramping, have the flu, and going thru menopause cuz I ain't got time!"
"Epic commitment from who is and training despite having severe man flu "
"i also believe bcoz im babbling in code my medicine 4 this flu has finally kickd in yayyy lol!"
"just take a couple shots, Mr Flu wont like that either"
"I just got over the stomach flu, if you get me sick this weekend, literally Travis you're being sooo rude!"
"Was knocked down for a few days by the bug. I usually don't get the flu funk...but I am back!! Mobile Field... "
"i have flu and i feel horrible now"
"take care! Everyone in my office is down with bad flu. Rest more la."
"Eagerly counting down the minutes until I can have my next cold and flu tablet. T-minus 33 minutes"
"Chelsea just admitted she's got bird flu, bowk"
"thats just dirty lol. Ah feel kinda sorry for ya now.  What u got anyway ? Man flu ? want me to call a manbulance 4 u?"
"I've had the flu twice in the space of three months now and that's not fair."
"ofc, i have flu now thanks to Juliet-./"
"Let's all go to FLU CAMP!  "
"Feel so crappy today #flu"
"Breakfast plate for my son down with flu. He had it at his room alone ;-( "
"I'm really sick  my mom thinks I might have the flu "
" Giving away a pair of Jordan Flu Game elites!To Enter:1) Retweet2) Follow me and Winner DMed 3/1 ht"
"This flu..."
"is it flu??"
"Man Flu 1 - Gary 0  #manflu #mandown"
"All joking aside, it feels like I have the flu "
"Slowly but surely getting the flu"
" Bad flu and headache"
"You know you're about to flu when you sneezing about 3 mins once"
"How lovely of the flu to pay a visit... Hmm.. i don't like uninvited guests though! Please let me stay healthy for next 2 days!"
"Back to work after being sick yesterday. Avoided the flu. Phew. "
"no tengo flu tengo hachis"
"Hello flu!!! Can you piss off now "
" "Bad flu and headache" oooh gws"
"Thanks again for your time just now! Beechams cold and flu tabs always work for me"
" hey champ im sure alot of your fans care sucks to get the flu but ur warrior you will shake it in a day or 2"
"HEALTHY HEADLINE: More Proof The Flu Vaccine Works... "
"Wah sian. Last lap. Come tell me headache and flu. Shag"
"Well not so good ! I've got the flu "
"Flu:" I can't tell if this is the flu or just detoxing from Starbucks"
"#Flu is a virus, a germ, a bug  it is NOT a season! Learn to flu-proof your body without the #FluShot "
""Bad flu and headache" oooh gws"
"#NO_FLU_Shot since 1974 Not Happ'ng! NO COLDS since '74. Allergiesrun in the fam... NO virus-based illnesses- Praise God From Whom..!"
"Flu,panas,pusing,pilek:"'as good as you feel' they say...not quite at man-flu stage yet but roughed up enough..this was a trojan horse for the *"
""My girlfriend's flu is so rude actually :')" haaaaaa! #icantwityou"
" Book Trailer: Driving Towards Disaster  #Preppers #flu #preparedness #hurricane"
"#NesianersDay - You seem pretty scared of catching the flu for someone who's not remotely scared of catching STDs."
"Flu. cold. cough. sore throat. i'm done!"
"I've had the flu twice was only sick for bout 3 days tops"
"Bad flu and headache"
"The flu is awful. #NoSchool"
"Flu with high fever "
"Nobody's that sick from the flu "
"yeah bloody hate ear infections. My flu caused it -.-"
"Aaaaaaaandd I'm catching the stomach flu..."
"If I have the flu I swear to god someone will die. Who just wakes up randomly at 4 in the morning and runs to the bathroom. "
"10 key herbs to fight the seasonal flu  "
"The Flu has taken many victims, like this poor soul   #snotwhatisaid"
"Would you rather get a computer virus or the flu?  Fluuuuuuu! "
"Safety Tip: It's still cold flu season. Wash your hands frequently keep shared surfaces sanitized. #diversifiedftm #ymm"
"Fighting Off Colds Flu With Vitamin D! Read more "
"You have the Flu eh? Dont order a Tuna Melt at your local caf  #snotwhatisaid"
"Having the flu totally sucks..."
"Be Good to Your Heart - Get a Flu Shot  "
"Cheap, Delicious Way to Treat Flu without Prescriptions:  #flu #cold #garlic Please "
"I'm pretty sure now has pneumonia after listening to the 2nd verse, how's the flu, bra?"
"Don't let flu season get the best of you! Boost up your immune system with our specialized immune support products: "
"It's so sunny, I wanna do something.. Damn flu:(("
" Why Ashwin wearing long sleeve shirt now? Is he having flu today? Or maybe he scared of Bangla sun. It make arms dark. #"
"Take this pink ribbon off my eyes // I'm down with flu. 2 more busy days. :("
"Don't let flu season get the best of you! Boost up your immune system with our specialized immune support products: "
"im actually sick at home, I caught the flu on monday from someone at school"
"I just slept for about 13 hours. Let's see how Mr. Flu likes that."
"Things are good thanks. Ben has started school. He is now settled.  Mark had flu. It's given him too much planning time."
"Me: *sneezes*Father: You got flu ah?Me: No, I'm just burping through my nose."
" Researchers claim flu jab could reduce risk of #stroke by more than a quarter: "
"oh good! Can't have you suffering man-flu.. Feel-good endorphins all the way :)"
"Woke up with the flu.."
" No sign of sustained human-to-human avian #influenza transmission in China. See latest assessment: 
" Service lets cold and flu victims order instant medication from their bed - "
"sounds like the flu. Get well soon x"
"I think I'm getting the flu, this will not do!"
"sounds kind of bad but nothing towards man flu."
"slowly getting better. fuck this flu, i'm better than this. HULK SMASH"
"New post: Forget man flu "
"So ibu told me the cause of my flu is because of the lack of sleep I've been having these weeks"
"Cough and flu. What a way to end my day"
"This flu is not pretty. I'm blowing up from both ends and trying my damnedest to keep water in me. The battle of my life continues..."
"Time to finish this edit and finally hop on cod and concentrate for the first time in 3 weeks, flu was over in a day :D"
"Despite the flu n cough,drinking hot masala tea surely make u feel better.."
"Heres a fun flu fact: Flu is not fun. Fact. Get well soon!  #snotwhatisaid"
"flu pls go away"
" "Health aint wealth"3rd day working #sick #tired #flu #beastmode #hustle"
"thats bad, you lasses are pretty tough! So it must a hundred times worse than man flu. : ("
"Z93 question of the day:   After the Bear contracted the flu...even after taking a flu shot earlier in the... "
"South Bay mother, unborn child die of the flu -  A South Bay pregnant woman and her unborn baby have...  #SouthBay"
"Flu :"Take it easy. Flu plus Man = box set (x2)  dignity.  #snotwhatisaid"
"I really hope I don't have the flu."
"Flu strikes again. The weather ain't helping at all."
"I think by consuming antibiotics early, it fastforwards the flu. Now, I'm on a 'sounding like a man' phase. Fftt."
"comming cold flu"
"Lol okay ur having her stay home for a damn head cold and im still sick and last week i had the flu and had to beg my way home for a day"
"The flu is a skank"
"Pusing flu :"Heres a fun flu fact: Flu is not fun. Fact. Get well soon!  #snotwhatisaid"
"At my networking meeting this morning we had some friendly banter about man flu which reminded me of this great video; from Man Stroke..."
"woman flu...:(((("
"Blocked nose. Sigh. I feel a flu coming. Thx to "ahhhh flu ~o~"
"How do you fight cold flu? The Vicks Starry Night Humidifier may be able to help has 1 to give away! "
"Flu :"As I'm walking out the door my baby sitter informs me that she has the flu  wtf !!"
"Flu :"My flu needs to stop. Crying at the amount of tissues i'm using right now :("
""Health aint wealth"3rd day working #sick #tired #flu #beastmode #hustle"
"Siao liao sore throat and flu is here (   |||)"
"-rather pleased to say the least things are better! Hope you're over your 'flu. xx"
"is down with a flu.."
"Flu melanda :"Flu melanda :" Lee Jong Suk, who has recovered a lot from his flu, will start filming on February 28  
"'Oh, have you ever had food poisoning?' - what a ridiculous question: at least 3 times a year, just like 'flu!!!!!"
"LIIKE ITS NOT GONNA BE COOL WHEN YOU GET THE FLU OR TUBERCLEOSIS SO"
"Flu:"Lemme go on ur behalf  I'm supposed to be in Durbs on friday__ and then now I get Flu  really??"
"I still feel sick af.  My sister has the flu and I'm glad I don't got it so ima go to school. "
"Everybody in my house is getting colds and flu.Hoping the flu jab works, last year was abysmal"
"The flu. Meh"
"Idk. I fell in the sea the other day so they don't know if it's the flu or hyperthermia. They treating me for both tho"
" Your right, I don't want to hear it! Just buy the flu-remedies and get in with it!  #pharmacytroubles"
"Wish this flu would fuckoff starting to piss me off"
"So I need to suffer being I well and also pay 5 for this stuff! Way to expensive if u ask me! #flu "
"Feeling fuck up because of this flu"
"Everyone around me has flu. Eeuw -_-"
"i need this flu to exit from my life."
"That is such bollocks lol.I AM NOT WELL! I have man flu (serious problem) n tooth ache yet I managed to get up at 6am #StepUp lol"
"I would get the flu right now. Of course. Duh."
"Flu:"flu;"Stupid flu and cough. Exam's tmr you want me to die?"
"Sometimes the Flu takes us all down. Heres a funny video to cheer you up!   #snotwhatisaid"
"Flu #vaccine news: PharmaPoint: Seasonal Influenza Vaccines - Global Drug Forecast and Mar...  #pathogenposse #flu"
"or have the stomach flu"
"Need a hot bath to sweat out this man flu"
"Officially flu-ated."
"yay im throwing up and have a fever. flu life am i right ladies"
"My mom made me saltines because I have the flu! She's the best. "
"yeah it's definitely flu season... #sicklife #throwingupsucks #why"
"I haven't sleep. I don't know if I'm hot or cold. I hate the flu. I guess it's better now than at school because my mom can take care of me."
"Anyone got any stomach flu they want to pass on to me?!"
"I won't be at rehearsals today for Mrs Lang because I have the stomach flu"
"Need to get rid of this stupid cold/flu thing "
"Gm twitter I'm still the hell sick  but I'd rather hav a cold then the flu lik I had last year "
"lol tell that flu to eff off maaaan"
"Day 5 of having the flu, there is literally nothing left to do"
"so i put my hands and play my song butterflies flu away"
"5 lengths in a sunkissed 6C. Goodbye cold and flu :)"
"Flu:"Cold and Flu Season - Strengthen Your Immune System  #health"
"rt if you have the flu so we can start a clique together"
"anti pneumonia.. I'll have an anti flu shot naman in a couple of months. Huhu"
"The next time you experience a cold or the flu, remember this: rather than take conventional drugs to suppress... "
"Had royce chocolate ytd and I woke up with pimples and a sore throat. Plus a flu now after work sigh :("
"Hubby's got the flu and it sounds NASTY! Pretty sure I heard him throwing up lunch from two weeks ago...... :("
"yes. Egg allergy is just that. To all. Including vaccinations with an egg base (flu shot)."
"Bird flu bad business for poultry industry at "
"Year 13 I have man flu. Don't panic! Helicopters, lifeboats and a tank standing by if I deteriorate. Oh, and cover on board in sixth form"
"Having the flu in this heat making me feel 10 times worse"
"Please let this be 24h flu"
"Stay home today. flu has hit me like a fraight train:(("
"This flu has ruined my body man fuck"
"Idk what's wrong with me. Like I got a flu shot so it can't be that"
"I fell asleep sitting on the floor beside the toilet. This flu thing is wrecking me.."
"Dancers - Sadly Sarah has flu There will be no classes TODAY (26th) or tomorrow They will be made up at a later date Please spread the word"
"They say onion soup is good for flu and colds. Gonna try my own version tonight. I hope I'll get better  #naturalremedy #fb"
"That new strain of Flu/Cold doesn't even change after a Hot Tottie. #Shitsridiculous"
"thanks bwahaha :) elephant flu (sorry nakalimutan ko na haha correct me if I'm wrong :D)"
"I have the flu."
"cause I have the flu"
" Powerful article from Nursing in Practice by PHE on debunking flu myths  #NMProtectHealth"
" Flu is getting so annoying "
"Six children catch swine #flu as killer bug swept through a Leicester Royal Infirmary ward for  "wah iki  (((PMS-FLU-DEMAM-BATUK)))  Hati-hati tweet KODE"
"i probably should go to school today but i have a fever and symptoms of the flu"
"Cold and flu solutions at uni #wtmo #food #theme "
"NEWS -The pros and cons of the flu vaccine - "
"Got a nasty flu "
"Soup Lucozade cold flu tablets !!"
" down with fever, cough flu "
"Having a million things to do when you have flu and have had not a lot of sleep is really not fun."
"#flashback: Essential oils and cold/flu symptoms "
"i have the fuckin flu this isnt happening"
"vada has the flu and im stuck with a boring old cold"
"Yeah pretty sure I've got the stomach flu and now I feel rotten as a tomato!"
"Gws ya njel "flu :"Wish this flu would do one am sick of talkin like Barry White"
"Flu:"anytime. What's up anyway? Cold? Flu or .....?"
"Absolutely dying here. Anyone got any tips on getting rid of #coughs #colds #flu ?? #ASAP"
"Oh you poor darling. Heres a film to cheer you up and help you get over your Lady Flu  #snotwhatisaid"
"Have a lovely dream!! And I really love you!! I've been busy. And I caught the flu last week. Haha... See you again!"
"Totally reliant on flu and cold drugs to keep me going!"
"Pusing,demam,flu,kedinginan lengkap sudah :"Day 4 of The Flu: I just answered the door wearing a cat onesie to a man asking if I wanted to buy any fresh fish. Send help."
"NWAlert -H1N1: Top flu shot side effects - "
"Up since 2 am with the stupid stomach flu!! Worst feeling ever!!"
" No sign of sustained human-to-human avian #influenza transmission in China. See latest assessment: 
"Got the flu or something"
"Why Ashwin wearing long sleeve shirt now? Is he having flu today? Or maybe he scared of Bangla sun. It make arms dark. #BanvInd #AsiaCup"
"This flu has me glued to the bed , anyone in the cork city area want to come and make me soup and watch me sleep for a few days? I Will Pay"
"ok that part I'm not jealous of at all. Forgot the bad end of all that sleep was the flu blech."
"flu :"Amin, makasi alifkuu hihiww"Gws Mirong;) "Flu be-rat!;"I feel so sick, I think I got the flu"
"Sometimes the Flu takes us all down. Heres a funny video to cheer you up!   #snotwhatisaid"
"Bah. Left work early today because I felt sick and still feeling yuk. Feel like I'm getting the flu. Hoping I can go to work tomorrow."
"listen,I've been sick sense Saturday. You have the stomach flu. And your only gonna get worse."
"Day spent home not bad le flu e ya vaya"
"I really hope I don't have the flu "
"You have the Flu eh? Dont order a Tuna Melt at your local caf  #snotwhatisaid"
"Gws ,, cepat sembuh "Flu be-rat!;"Why do all the flu-ridden people of the world give me their cold??? Go away"
"My mom just told me I probably have the flu and then told me to get ready for school .. I'm confused"
"Ur body is gona get used to it,so the one time u don't take it,that flu is gonna be very bad"E o simpatico  que tanto destacou as eleies,agora nem diz quem venceu e foca nas demisses do Flu.Informao  tudo."
"At the doctors waiting for my flu jab surrounded by old people all judging me for using my phone #letthehatershate"
"flu + headache"
" Why Ashwin wearing long sleeve shirt now? Is he having flu today? Or maybe he scared of Bangla sun. It make arms dark. #"
"Hate the feeling of nausea stupid flu this is lame AF"
"that's why we don't get flu'd up! We hold it down until that Jamaica heat reaches even then still got jumper on ."
"Cant sleep,  I got the flu."
"Deff Think I Have The Flu . "
"Really pleased to hear that :-) full blown flu is a proper wicked bug"
" How to CURE or Avoid #Colds or the #FluLearn what nutrient (not vit. C or echinacea) triples immune s"
" I just recovered from a flu and now i'm sick again? Er7mone "
"Was it bird flu lol!!!!!"
" No sign of sustained human-to-human avian #influenza transmission in China. See latest assessment: 
":( i've been bedridden since sunday. I have a bad flu. It's killing my sassiness"
"fuck this flu hahaha"
"I think I got the flu  cuss my flow sick "
"I've never had a flu shotget mad."
"Time for meeting before heading home for a rest. Down with a bad flu. #selfie "
"Erie County reports first type B flu case "
"Coming up at 640: why take just one needle? Treating cold and flu with traditional Chinese medicine. #kw"
""efek keujanan.demam,flu:" No sign of sustained human-to-human avian #influenza transmission in China. See latest assessment: 
"Got the flu  feeling like imma bout to die "
"the flu really sucks. But I can't afford to miss any school... So whatever ugh"
"Day 2 of flu. Anyone got a bolt gun? Im ready."
"welcome flu"
"Several #FluShot ingredients cause serious neurological disorders + 19 more reasons to avoid it "
"Flu....I can feel it coming! I hate been sick!"
"Sore throat, bad chest, blocked nose and sneezing all the time, guess I have to pull out my asthma pump, cold and flu tablets, #GRIM"
"Flu be-rat!;"thss cold keeps me up all night has me wakin up early asf . hopefully these cold flu pills gets rid of thss damn cold asap !"
"This flu ain't showing me mercy and I wanna study."
"Those are bad in the long run hey..let ur immune system do the work"Need to go for my flu shot soon""
"Funny how they claim flu shots don't make you sick but the night after I get it, I'm sick #stupid"
"This is offically the worst time to be sick. My whole family came down with some kind of flu #ugh"
"Going on three hours of sleep with a stomach flu #stayaway #cranky"
"A week and a half of being bunged up with a cold and flu.. Finally back to the gym today. I'm scared. #helpme"
"u wish mate ur like a mee girl with ur man flu"
"I went from having the flu, to having a sinus infection to now having what I think is a water infection. I'm so over being ill "
"and oh the flu nightmares.  Aweful"
"don't let it fool you, rhino flu will soon manifest itself upon all beings"
"The stomach flu really is no joke"
"Leet Stuff! Check It Out: : someecards: Swine Flu  #geek #shirts #nerd"
"don't be they sucked alot for the first 4/5ths.  The curse is now I'm wide awake still loopy from residual flu medicine"
"Yesterday i got Flu and My eyes was goddamm Hurt. Now my back. Damn it D:"
"So it turns out moving house while having the flu is about the worst thing you can do to yourself short of smoking next to an oil well"
"FREE FLU SHOTS at Oasis of Hope Center, 522 Leonard St NW. Hours: Mon 9am-7pm, Wed 1pm-6pm, Sat 8am-1pm. Call (616) 451-8868 for more info."
"Two more flu deaths bring Kern County total to 20 ..#BreakingNews #BakersfieldNews #BFL "
"Need to go for my flu shot soon"
" Man flu is worse than anything that woman go through #fact"
" How to CURE or Avoid #Colds or the #FluLearn what nutrient (not vit. C or echinacea) triples immune s"
"Feel like crap go home to Scotland for the weekend and come back with the flu not good need hugs from my mum  wish u were still here"
"Momma asked if I feel like going to school; I now have the flu and can't move a inch outta bed "
"idk sia HAHAHAHAHA walao thanks ah no wonder I'm having a flu now (kept sneezing coz of you!!!!!)"
"I can't go to school today, my body is sore and my body has succumbed to the flu."
"Flu in this heat is the worst actually:("
"And time for work .... Even though I'm still sick as hell. I really hope I feel better soon. It feels like the flu ... #miserable"
"Flying high and then shot back down to earth with man flu. It actually does exist girls. #dying"
"I just recovered from a flu and now i'm sick again? Er7mone "
" I've had the flu for a week now. Even my fingers hurt when I type. At least, I'm no longer infectious to other people. I"
"Great, my mom thinks i might have the flu"
"*Dad giving me guyabano puree for my flu*Me: It'sweird. It taste like a cross of--Dad: Soft.Soft is apparently a flavor now AHAHAHA"
"For sure feeling better today. Stomach flu sucks butt. And I'm in love with this new bed. Don't wanna leave it"
"Dear flu. Pls go away"
" No sign of sustained human-to-human avian #influenza transmission in China. See latest assessment: 
"I've had the flu for a week now. Even my fingers hurt when I type. At least, I'm no longer infectious to other people. I hope."
"Winter blues turned out to just be flu and everything will be ok #faith"
"so you got the sore throat? I got a stomach flu man. Did anyone else get stomach flu too?"
"It's a day for Chicken soup! #flu"
" Gilanis are the reason of swine flu in multan #Deep"
"is ascension flu a thing ? #love777family "
"Definitely not the best of weeks :( Burnt twice Destroyed by the flu And got cut half way through my finger!! What next_???"
"Cold and flu"
"and getting me through the flu. I've missed knew there was one good thing about being ill!"
"think I  have the flu oh dearrr"
"I'm hot and cold at the same time. I think I'm ill - which would be appalling cause I have so much work to do this week #Uni #Flu"
"Am in pain, sick, have flu I am pale AF. But am going."
"I feel a flu coming soon"
"The worst part of the flu is how it usually strikes at night and you wake up confused and sick #ugh #gtfo #thingstodo "
"Sick for 4days now.. I'm so weak.. (lagi nlng daw akong sinisipon) :-( colds, cough, flu, dysmenorrhea "
"How does the #doctor know you are only suffering from the #flu, a #virus or #FoodPoisoning when they NEVER test for #CarbonMonoxidePoison ??"
" Bird flu hits 21 provinces in Vietnam "
"I need to train tmr, can flu just screw off.."
"I think it's ridiculous how many people get cancer these days, it's not even down to diet/lifestyle people just seem to get it like the flu"
"I might just get the flu that weekend if not.. Hehehe"
" Flu Fever + homework = lethal combination #ibproblems"
"This flu will be the death of me. :-("
"man flu is a real thing!"
"still feel sick to the stomach. We probably all have the flu  help "
" No sign of sustained human-to-human avian #influenza transmission in China. See latest assessment: 
"this 'flu' and chest infection is the start of something i can feel it #GOODBYECRUELWORLD"
"icy as hell it feel like I got the flu "
"Sick day today. .. sigh. ..stupid flu"
"A few of you lovely critters have been asking for my wishlist this week while iv been down with the flu V_V So... "
"University of Westminster tests a cure for hepatitis C - Get West London  Avoid the Flu "
" While it may feel like were out of winter, there is still a good chance you could catch the flu! Therefore "
"yahh sakitsakitan mulu;3 "Ini ceritanya flu lagi ? Helah sakit maneh kasel aku :"Would you rather get a computer virus or the flu?  Computer virus, I can format it. But no flu please, I suffer... "
"Maacih ongol"gwrs Flu""
"BACK in the gym after having flu out of nowhere! Easy cutz though!  #illness #fitness #backinthegame #tmw"
" good its working lol! Its your throat or the flu #zooo"
"Everytime I get a terrible flu, I will always remember that there was a kind soul in my lifr that sent me home after school.."
"If these horrendous body aches are the beginning of the flu I will cut a bitch "
"Dear Doctor,this medication whats me go bed rest!#Kill this Flu"
"Uzobaright Flu in this heat...the worst -___-""
" Gilanis are the reason of swine flu in multan #Deep"
" While it may feel like were out of winter, there is still a good chance you could catch the flu! Therefore "
" Gilanis are the reason of swine flu in multan #Deep"
" Gilanis are the reason of swine flu in multan #Deep"
"and he's recovered from his flu ;;"
"Gilanis are the reason of swine flu in multan #Deep"
"I've had this flu for over a week. Surely this can't be life:(ey nde yafika poopsatu"
"Ah this flu going around Rhodes is the WORST! How can I be feeling like this is when its so hot outside?"
"This flu is sort of disaster, i just kennot-"
"While it may feel like were out of winter, there is still a good chance you could catch the flu! Therefore "
"Win a vaporizer thermometer to fight the flu season "
"A Video - 6 Home Remedies to Fight Cold, Fever, Flu, Running Nose   #homeremedies"
"I'm supposed to be in Durbs on friday__ and then now I get Flu  really??"
"Leave em sick bird flu talking bout fuck me? Nah fuck you. I'm still the same nigga on the block selling rocks. Rule#1 don't fuck with cops"
"I woke up feeling like I have the flu so I can't wait to be at work in a half hour"
"Things I'm looking forward to over the next few days: flu-like symptoms and my usual side effects"
"I've had this flu for over a week. Surely this can't be life:("
"Tormented by the flu, again. It's a love hate relationship, 'flu keeps coming back everytime i kill it. it loves me, i hate with a passion"
"Flu is suck"
"Ok I'm super glad we have vaccines for spanish flu after seeing #TheOriginals haha! Shudder!"
"I can't go back to sleep this flu is killing me"
"actually my flu got worse today .-."
"Pretty sure I have the flu "
"Swine flu in multan! Fuck fuck fuck  -runs for his life-"
" iv had about five different variations of the flu in as many weeks, Merseyrail is an absolute pathogen of illness"
"oh fucking soulz flu on some fishing shit this am"
"Flu:"i had surgery and now i have stomach flu..i missed like 30 days of school total :("
"I had the 24 hour flu Smh"
"oh fucking soulz flu on some fishing shit this am"
"Swine Flu case in Multan.Treating doctor also contracted it"
"Please don't tell me that i have stomach flu or some shit."
"Thanks for asking!Worse than yesterday The flu has caught me completely!Can not even make free,as my colleague on Friday has off"
"I wasn't the only one to return w/ a cold... MT #flu caught me like some of my colleagues  #Sochi2014"
"My 'bit if a cold' has developed into full blown flu-bug-thingy oh joy! Cue grumpy Karen holding out until Rob gets home so can go to bed!"
"Woke up with the flu "
"I'm sick, so sick this flu is killing me"
"this gastric flu is killing me-.-"
"sick in bed with flu Not used to this Last ill 2 years ago"
"Up at 5:30 bc of this stupid cold/flu/hell"
"I hate the flu!"
"If I continue to feel this shitty, it's looking like tomorrow may have to be my Michael Jordan flu game."
" Flu is getting so annoying "
"Goooood morning my sweet angel! I had the flu. But I'm back. Thanks for being a really good friend! "
"So I caught the flu... - for the first time in my life. Its pretty terrible but thankfully my body isnt... "
"Anyone Else Think It's Messed Up The Weasleys Didn't Go Looking For Harry When The Flu Powder Landed Him In Knock Turn Alley?"
"Wistapanziah Ramadhania Bachtiar updated her status: "FLU -,-"" - Hi Ajith, "
"So had the flu then got tonsillitis and now in getting a cold :("
"I'm a team leader guys"but this Flu must GO to hell!!"
" Sorry about the late video upload, I have been suffering from the flu, "HOW TO KNOW IF YOU WERE A 90's KID"  video will "
"I have never been in so much pain. The flu sucks. Whoever I got this from can fuck off."
" Hbis brenang jdi flu :"I'm still down with this icky cold/flu/whatever so here's an outfit shot from #whitenightmelbourne ^_^ "
"OMG!My flu came back again argh!"
""Shrug it off. You're too G for the flu  This flu is fucking with my dougie !." Sigh  ! Youre right !"
"Bato flu:"Getting That Flu"
"I've only had flu worse than this once. I legitimately thought I was dying. Never kiss uni students, they are full of evil things."
"My bf gave me the flu "
"Gooood morning Shri! I got the flu from my coworkers. Thank you for being awesome. "
"I either have a flu or food poisining. Not surprised tho"
" flu, pls go away"
" Researchers claim flu jab could reduce risk of #stroke by more than a quarter: "
"Aw, Hamlet's sick. Maybe he has the..........swine flu. #hahhahaha #imsofunny "
"Screw this weather. I think I might be coming down with the flu."
"I feel like someone has poured cement in my nostrils and let it dry. When will this flu leave me. i can't breathe through my mouth forever"
"I fucking don't feel good . I think I have a stomac flu"
"Sick with the flu"
"flu flu flu cough cough..."
"I have Barry Mann flu! The worst type known to man #rough #pillpopping #needmoretissues"
" Whatever happened to yuppy flu?#YuppyFluCFS"
"Since when has feeling like all your teeth are going to fall out been a symptom of the flu? Since 3.30am, that's when."
"I think I'll be flu... Is there any chance to say 'get well soon?'"
"Lemsip cold flu tablets are BRILLIANT. I feel better than I did before I was ill."
"Coming down with the flu"
"Stomache flu is the worst..."
"Having a flu and period at the same time is a bad bad combo"
"Eating rice tonight because stomach flu and i need carbs to get ma body moving "A slight case of the flu sucks as usual, but w/ the added bonus of an object the size/weight of a bowling ball squirming/thrashing around."
"This flu ugh just ugh"
"Appears to be the same monster cold or possibly flu (aw man you mean I got autism for nothing?) that's felled some coworkers."
"if i could just be unconscious for the next week until this flu shit passes that would be ok with me"
"I get a flu once I get all the shifts. I can't win. #struggle #stopitbodyimpoor"
"Omg my stomach flu fever is getting worse"
"Also, I think my sister got me sick... My stomach feels weird... Flu weird #anitspeenboon sis"
"From flu to Sore throat"
"Girl, you make me sick, but km better with the flu"
"So glad to be back after being knocked for six by a horrible flu. Let me know what I've missed in #Leighton - amanda.devlin"Hari ini temanya tisu . Lagi flu sm batuk g enak nie"
"I didn't - I've been really sick w/ the flu so haven't been on the computer much. Will check now. Sorry 'bout that."
"I feel so horrible now oh goodness stupid flu"
"If you enjoy listening about him, then be extra cautious. You are under the attack of a strangest flu generally referred with I LOVE YOU."
"Duuhh flu menyiksaa:"Heres a fun flu fact: Flu is not fun. Fact. Get well soon!  #snotwhatisaid"
" Please pray for my bro he's feeling really Ill with some aggressive kind of flu. #TeamImpact"
"Happy birthday to my crazy cousin I feel so bad that you have the flu for your "
" Chakra healing tips for seasonal flu:  #chakras #heartchakra #emotions"
"Come on body just hold out for this one basketball game...#flu"
"Back in work.. Still got the flu and even more miserable than usual..my life is a Smiths song #heavenknowsimmiserablenow"
"So sick, someone please cuddle me close before I wither away into nothingness #flu "
"serious case of the man flu "
"at least that sounded like posh flu ie real nasty virus as opposed to the insulting cfs tag no one believes in x"
"flu, sore throat . whats next ?"
"flu please go away ._."
"Flu fever pls leave.... youre a bad combination ok"
"Shrug it off. You're too G for the flu  This flu is fucking with my dougie !."
"GOT THE WORSE FLU EVARER "
"Giving up - my head is spinning and I can't focus on what I'm doing, having to give in to the flu and go sleep it... "
"Feeling weak but atleast baby is okay. This cold jamani kwani swine flu is back jeez."
"Woke up feeling terrible. Got the flu, hope it passes soon!"
"Kept hallucinating last night , this flu is messed up"
"And then the flu starts going round.just not today....."
" - Hull KR's Travis Burns defied bout of flu to reach fever pitch agains...  #hullkingstonrovers"
"Yo that flu shot definitely worked... I now have the flu"
"a Carer Any offers lol Its past man flu now I actually am ill lol FuckOf"
"This nightquill cold and flu got me feeling high as shit"
"Flu has hit me hard in a bad way ere"
"Flu berat , hidung tersumbat , demamm:'( !! Ada semua miii:"Sometimes the Flu takes us all down. Heres a funny video to cheer you up!   #snotwhatisaid"
"Did you know the flu kills about 36,000 people each year in the US?  90% of those who die of the flu are 65 or older."
"Full up with the flu yet I still manage to put in 20 minutes of working out.. pretty proud of myself actually  "
"He he hey, flu lagi flu lagi   All the Way by Timeflies (at Fakultas Kedokteran Unsyiah)  "
"Feel so rough, pleaseeeee don't let me be getting the flu "
"How have I woke up with the flu feel so shit"
"I've also left my phone at home, clearly not quite recovered from the flu!  What other excuse is there?!"
"This flu is fucking with my dougie !."
"Frog kissers be like--not flu. U know how much I hate flu!!! ""
"im down with a flu . dammit"
"well *rubs his neck* I'm recovering from flu and it's true what I said about feeling stressed so I think the hot springs-"
"Do Lady Birds complain about Lady Bird Flu? Heres a funny film while you ponder that!  #snotwhatisaid"
" All of us get flu cause Eugene gave us the virus :/"
"Got the flu even though I got my flu shot this year. Yup! 60% of the time, it works every time "
"Room service, inhouse movie, a shit load of cold n flu's and an early night for me - just what the doctor ordered  "
" Doing everything I possibly can to get better by tomorrow... Humidifier, Thera Flu and steam inhaler!!! "
"Dear my phone: just because I'm sick it doesn't mean that you also have to be sick! What's your excuse because I got flu!??"
"New BA STAR Eye Shadow Palettes {Review} - New BA STAR Eye Shadow Palettes{Review} The flu did not make me... "
":headache flu :"#Nowplaying   Andhim Super Flu - Reeves on "
"Was she on Auntie's Scotch diet yesterday? A slight case of the bottle flu? That's ok, your secret's safe with us #waytooearly"
"Hi Aspen How are you feeling today? Have you kicked that darn flu to the curb? Take care. Much love to you always my BFF  xxxxx"
" Tambah flu ajadeh ini gue:"Working from home tomorrow to get better para G sa Friday! huhuhu flu has bad timing :("
"Working from home to try and shake off this mini-man-flu. De La Soul in my ears and mini cheddars in my face perfect."
"Full of flu  "
"#2: American Standard 6045.601.002 Exposed Manual 1-1/4-Inch Top Spud 1.0 Gpf Urinal Flu...  "
"having terrible flu and your nose blocked SUCKS"
"Get over my shitty flu-like illness, bust up my foot. I am so bored of my body breaking all the time. I want a new one."
"makesmesickCan't believe i'm getting sick and not talking bout my flow lol.....no for real why the flu makesmesick"
" No sign of sustained human-to-human avian #influenza transmission in China. See latest assessment: 
""gurl, we both stuck with the flu. Maybe cause you flu me away" love her...."
"Also deffo got fresher flu again"
" No sign of sustained human-to-human avian #influenza transmission in China. See latest assessment: 
"Hujan, Flu, Laper, Pgn pempek. What a combination. (at Cibubur Macet)  "
" No sign of sustained human-to-human avian #influenza transmission in China. See latest assessment: 
"Not feeling well today, headache, flu ugh..!!!"
"Flu alert! Everyone stand back and guard your nose!  #snotwhatisaid"
"No school for me got da flu :( I feel like shit"
"Oh my god if I have the flu... I'm gonna have to shoot myself."
"How do you fight cold flu? The Vicks Starry Night Humidifier may be able to help has 1 to give away! "
"You have the Flu eh? Dont order a Tuna Melt at your local caf  #snotwhatisaid"
"Must be man flu"
"OMG I have the flu and I feel exactly the same as you, maybe you Have the same symptom as me xxxx"
"NWAlert -Swine flu and returning to school: Recommendations - "
"Save 30% on Flu immunizations at Kroger"
"Mommy Said I had The Flu "
"No sign of sustained human-to-human avian #influenza transmission in China. See latest assessment: "
"Sore throat again + flu again.thanks haze"
