"Flu Shot May Lower Stroke Risk, Too Title: Flu Shot May Lower Stroke Risk, Too Category: Health News Created: 2/... "
"Mom, I think I caught the flu. I can't go to school."
"Mau flu nampaknya!:"well that's good, I know I love my recliner. . You can't keep feeling like that though. Do you have flu symptoms?"
"I've washed my hands so much today they're already dry cracked in order to not catch the stomach flu my dad told me is going around "
"Feelin like shit. Really hope I'm not getting the flu "
"Cold/Flu, Headache, Sore Stomach, My body is sore.. I'm over tired.. Fuckkkk I should just die"
"So the whole world sick now? Y'all niggas got the swine flew?0: flu* You're welcome"
" Contra Costa County woman dies from #flu complications. Bay Area now has 49 flu-related deaths this season o/v8lh"
"After 6 days of having the flu, right now, I only suffer from a tiny stomach ache... So glad I can get back to... "
"thanks booo ! I truly hope it's not the flu tho "
"Can a genetic model predict next year's #flu strain?  #etiology"
"But on the realz I would be the one to get the rare strain of the flu not covered by the vaccine on top of an ear infection and strep lol!"
"I honestly believe that God is punishing me for something when I get sick/flu and get my period at the same time. Like God why? Lmfao "
"I do appreciate all the support though, ill be better in a few days. I'm as healthy as you can be just got sidelined with the flu :("
"i want flu again except this time i want to die from it"
"I think I've got the flu "
"Flu is everywhere :'("
" hope you feel better, the flu has been going around"
"try having the flu "
"Fuck Flu Sorethroat"
"Flu round 2  I thought you were only supposed to get it one time and then be done. I hate being sick"
"hope you feel better, the flu has been going around"
"chillin with #familyfirst...flu before, after and in between #kefz"
" I have a cold.  I have the flu. "
" Alecia said she got the flu ya'll  fuck you bishhh"
"play jamaican r 5d6EfPJc7ibG5CiePNmz7aDAP4CcveKmn1 opes snapping hootenany pear pages cobbler jiggle popcorn trimming not my flu"
"a complete stranger and I just sniffed in unison #awkward #flu"
"sore throat, flu, fever, what else's huh?!"
"Service Lets Cold And Flu Victims Order Instant Medication From Their Bed  #Startup " That flu was real. Finally feeling better "
"Ten ways to avoid colds and flu this winter  via "Alecia said she got the flu ya'll  fuck you bishhh"
"Emergen-C is one of the best things ever made! I'm 108% sure I've fought off the flu with that stuff over the past few days!"
"3 times. Yea I got the flu "
"That pussy sick now, you got vagina fluFuck you tryna do? You aint from D.C.But you had the million man march up inside of you"
" I'd rather get swine flu then have to make it through the next two days"
"I just sneezed seven times in a row I will kill you if I end up with the flu"
"My arm is killing me from the flu shot #impissed #ididntevenwantit"
"Think I got the flu..."
"This cold and flu goin around needs to go somewhere else... Like Mt. Carmel would do"
"Yeah, flu is never fun. Vitamins and avoiding contact, haha."
"The stomach flu is just my fav "
"I was sleeping cus flu"
"I'd rather get swine flu then have to make it through the next two days"
"I got stomach flu and cramps imagine how I'm feeling "
"Hey everyone. Still here. Flu is ravaging my house. But wife back to work. Still one girl home sick. Hope thats it."
"Severe allergies?  Or the beginning stages of the flu?  I have unusual symptoms.  I don't know..."
"Alecia said she got the flu ya'll "
"I've been knocked out with flu last few weeks, sorry. Ok for skype and a plan next week?"
"I want this flu to go away I feel like shit"
"lol now u know how I felt! Lol but nah I got strep and the flu and stuff so I wasn't tryin to be in class today lol"
"I will pay someone with the flu 50$ rn to cough in my mouth so I don't have to go to school tomorrow."
"Save 30% on Flu Shots at Costco"
"Two cases of swine flu reported inPunjab "
" if i get the flu again i will be so pissed ohmygod"
""Fresher flu"? Oh OF COURSE!!  *penny drops"
" "You might think you have the flu but nope you have worms" #shitmyroommatesays save me!"
" That was when you were getting your flu shot and I stile your phone! Haha:)"
"I'm so happy I have the flu now "
"Sometimes when I get sick I get every sickness. One after another. Currently on the stomach flu. Don't worry I'm dying."
"Man the fuck up nick its only man flu."
"diseases create themselves if not treated. SWINE and Bird flu tho. Those are two things that U.S. has lot to so with"
"I really need another pair of flu games and I need to find some cherry 12s. .... probably another pair of playoff 12s too smh"
"Win a vaporizer thermometer to fight the flu season "
"i took halfday because my flu are getting worse...."
"It better be stomach flu only.. Even though its denguee symptoms - I will kill the mosquitoes if they attack me"
" Doctor at the ER says its just a really bad flu and not strep or broncitis. Needless to say ill be out of commision for a"
"I have flu but I'm getting there"
" Virus that caused flu pandemic dominates again - #health #virology "
"i think im just going to take some heavy-hitting flu pills tonight + tomorrow night so i can wake up later..."
"I have the flu :( or some kind of bug. My body hurts all over with cold and hot flashes. Please pray for me to... "
" Everyone got a flu, so do I. Daehyun pls dont spread it again anywhere lol"
"Think I got the stomach flu. "
"Everyone got a flu, so do I. Daehyun pls dont spread it again anywhere lol"
"Cold Remedy | Flu Treatment - In Children too | Cough Remedies "
" long story. Feel like the flu tho"
"This double shot of alkaseltzer cold flu wit a side of ZzzQuil bout to be heaven. I been feelin like  for days."
"relieved trundl 5XhXWKw7fZMHrNDdqRiqixvzDdfNnTha e sticker hats travel boxing posh flashy lantern fool riding screen bench flu"
"Doctor at the ER says its just a really bad flu and not strep or broncitis. Needless to say ill be out of commision for a few days."
"Guzzle two mugs before I do drugs that make me throw up like flu bugs"
"I don't kno if it's tha FLU or miih ASTHMA!! #ImAstmatic"
"It just occurred to me my out of "office" meeting next week is at hospital siaoliao wait catch another flu' virus"
"101.8 the fever/flu has begun!"
"Also last week when my bio teacher asked, I told her that I was not going to get a flu shot because I haven't had the flu in 4 years. #oops"
"Natural Cold Remedy and Flu Treatment -  "
"Learn About the Natural Cures For Bird Flu#curebirdflu "
"Flu:"hey it could be worse you could have the stomach flu like i do"
"Been sick all day.. Stomach flu.. :/ first I thought it was alcohol poisening but nah. Should be gone by 2mrw!"
"long story. Feel like the flu tho"
"A self-administered flu vaccine could be on its way "
"Morning with a flu "
"That flu was real. Finally feeling better "
"Thanks to the flu I think I've lost 10 pounds. #skinnyconner #springbreakbod"
"That one person that carries the flu and spreads it around the house! #Nigga #Sick !"
"awe im sorry! I got a flu last week! It was terrible! Get some rest.  I gtg to bed"
"Yeahp. I'm definitely getting the flu. AGAIN. Twice within a month. "
"I have the flu!:/"
"So when I found out I have the flu I thought, holy shit my lungs are going to fill with fluid and I am going to die, goodbye cruel world."
"Roommates drugged me to the end of the earth with flu medicine aka I will love them to eternity *alex*"
" Back ache, headache, fever, flu, sore throat and cough "
"Amused with the Covet Fashion app while recovering from flu. Dress up dolls for grown ups. Let's share closets at... "
"isn't that the flu?"
"The weather changing all the damn time is going fuck me up soon.. I'm going end up with the damn flu again smh"
"Im laughing at louis icon it looks like he has the flu and he is lost "
"I need to get rid of this flu seriously, I cannot breathe with it mun!!"
""You might think you have the flu but nope you have worms" #shitmyroommatesays save me!"
"#3: Gator Cases GL-FLU-PINK-A Flute Lightweight Case - Pink Gator Cases GL-FLU-PINK-A Fl...  "
"That pussy sick now, you got vagina fluFuck you tryna do? You aint from D.C.But you had the million man march up inside of you"
"Coming back from the flu and my shoulder injury "
"News In Two Minutes   Russia Puts Military On Alert   Vietnam Flu   Fore...:  via "I havent been able to drink since i had the flu..my stomach is still weak. I would really like to b drunk n luv right now :-("
"CDC admits they do not know exactly how many people die from #Flu or #FluShot each year. What's the truth? "
"i'm coming down with a fckin flu fever ..."
"An angel in heaven was welcoming a new arrival. How did you get here? he asked. And the new angel replied, Flu. . ."
" Doing everything I possibly can to get better by tomorrow... Humidifier, Thera Flu and steam inhaler!!! "
"Pretty sure I have the flu, or I might be dying. I cant tell. #feellikeshit "
"I'd rather have the stomach flu than this "
" The Flu has very poor listening skills. "
"Not feeling well today, stupid flu"
"me too brah  might just come down with the flu lol"
"that's that Flu shit I'm going through at the moment"
" #MakingHistory #2ndRoundPlayoffs  FLU GAME!"
"Flu mix?"I'm dying :( "Amaningi kanje "NguduThePoet: Time for my Medication, Habashwe! """"
" i guess the flu shots worked so well this year for me"
"How do you fight cold flu? The Vicks Starry Night Humidifier may be able to help has 1 to give away! "
"No Stream tonight. Stomach flu of sorts. not a pretty sight! love you all and will miss you!"
"Bitch, need I remind you that I don't need the fucking swine flu to be a sick pig?"
"I'm 100s, thanks. flu e fedile?"
"haha fer sure naa, I have the stomach flu "
"Down with the flu in the middle of my boards. Perfect timing. :)"
"And so the flu has begun circulating the Atkinson house again.. Thank goodness I'm the first instead of the last this time #sick"
" so its himchans turn with the flu now ? :("
"Nope I been chilling I had the flu in January so I have not been doing shit my schedule prevents me "
"Thot Flu"
"I will have to take a rain check! Got the flu:( have fun and have a few shots for me!!"
"FluNada Throat Nasal Spray Giveaway ends 3/4 US Only. Doctor formulated natural product to fight colds flu! "
"#flu #tissues #RedNose #blockedUp #cold yhO (-_-) i need coffee"
"FluNada Throat Nasal Spray Giveaway ends 3/4 US Only. Doctor formulated natural product to fight colds flu! "
"Loved #PINK14 but not he flu that the AU and NZ contingent have as a result!!! #VegasVirus"
" Lee Jong Suk, who has recovered a lot from his flu, will start filming on February 28  
" Admin MY signing in!Good afternoon :) i'm at the clinic now because im down with flu T_T anyways, Enjoy your day! -MY "
"Warning aja ! :)*kedipmata*"Jgn dong.Amit" *ketoktembok*  Awas. Flu burung! Ehh!""I'm really hoping that I'm over this flu business when I wake up tomorrow. It'd also be nice if I could actually sleep sometime soon!"
"It's official, I have the flu"
"*insert sarcastic appreciation for crew chief for referring to my run-in with the stomach flu as "both ends day""
"A Video - 6 Home Remedies to Fight Cold, Fever, Flu, Running Nose   #homeremedies"
"Summer flu, the worst part of life!"
"my mom cant walk. I have that flu that was killing people in YC my dad is at the hospital; incoherent, unable to walk,eat,swallow and talk"
"if i get the flu again i will be so pissed ohmygod"
"Think I'm coming down with the flu !"
"I don't usually do drugs but when I do it's NyQuil Cough Flu, DayQuil Cough Dayquil Cough Flu #MyBestFriendsThisWeek #CoughingUpALung"
" My girl is the best. She has made me a soup and ice cream and she has babied me all night because I have the flu. Best girl"
"when the damn coughing always keeps you from sleeping #flu #5MoreDays"
"I had the flu that game #MJ"
"Haven't Wore My Cherry 12s Nor Flu Game 12s In A Min  Might Have Too Pull Out The Joints "
" so its himchans turn with the flu now ? :("
"If I have the flu I'll be pissed"
" so its himchans turn with the flu now ? :("
"Think I had that 24 hour flu"
"Well hopefully these flu night pills don't make me trip out like the other ones"
"Tylenol severe cold flu is the best thing ever I had a cold for only about a week tops! "
"I don't actually know the difference between a cold and the flu...."
"I have swine flu."
" Mackenzie Goulding gave me the stomach flu and is denying it"
" Vietnam on high alert for H7N9 bird flu from China "
"Win a vaporizer thermometer to fight the flu season "
"Pregnant woman dies from flu but baby is saved by emergency c-section  #News #HealthNews #Hospitals #Health"
"Win a vaporizer thermometer to fight the flu season "
" Also, be careful of cold and flu ^^This is ChenChen  "
"ouuuu shit I forgot about the mutherfuckinnnn flu"
"This cold/flu is awful. And I don't appreciate this stomach ache waking me up either."
"I think I'm getting the stomach flu. #great #ifeellikeshit #dizzy #shaky #justwannagohome"
"The flu, plus so much fluid in my lungs that  it's setting up pneumonia. Just my luck."
"Pretty sure I got the flu"
"idgaf I gave them 30 with the flu"
" #MakingHistory #2ndRoundPlayoffs  FLU GAME!"
"Baltimore's Mighty Mark and TT the Artist Remix Big Dope P's "Bird Flu" [Premiere +Interview] - "
"Bitch, may I remind you that I dont need the fucking swine flu to be a sick pig."
"so its himchans turn with the flu now ? :("
"caught the flu :( I'll be back in the real world at Sundays meeting!"
"Simple steps to help prevent flu "
"you got the flu you need sleep"
" Lee Jong Suk, who has recovered a lot from his flu, will start filming on February 28  
"flu. im set tho. ima try to come tomorrow"
"I got something , it's like the flu but worst"
"Dude, I am so sick. I think I have the flu or something, someone come take care of meeeee :("
"Well headed to bed but sure feel crap took my medicine for the flu and still hurt :( so going to bed everyone... "
"Is anyone else so sick with the flu that it hurts to walk?#momhelp"
"Ugh. i dont even know how i got sick one minute im fine the next minute im waking up to strep and the flu.#thisSucks  #StupidImmuneSystem!!"
"having a really achy body, fever, flu sore throat "
"It saddens me that I haven't been able to eat reeses ever since I had the stomach flu :'("
"I'm leaving at 2pm tomorrow. I get to have my braces tighten and a flu shot yaaay "
"Hate the flu!"
"stomach flu is death my life in a tweet"
"AlertLine -What are the symptoms of H1N1 flu in children? - "
"Just woke up sweating. Earlier I was freezing cold. Please don't be the flu "
"I have the flu and am highly contagious. awesome."
"Jk flu not gone :/ stomach hurts really bad #sicklife"
" That my parents will get over the flu soon that I won't catch it my sister and I's personal health will be healed as well"
"Why does the flu even exist? Hate it so much "
"To say I'm sick as hell I ain't even got the flu"
"had the flu. I think he'll be in on Saturday."
"it's probably a different form of the virus or it's not the flu at all which could be a possible assumption"
"I better not fucking be getting the stomach flu."
"i think i got the flu eigh kill me"
"yeah it's just the flu going around, it hella sucks glad I got it out of the way already though"
" Can the medication youre taking to relieve your flu symptoms actually be spreading the virus?  #TheD"
"yeah that's what ima do rn but it doesn't make sense I got my flu shot! They stuck a needle in me for no reason!"
"also btw  sick, stomach flu :-("
"#Selfie  bored home ..... got a #Flu but still taking pics "
" i was finna say yu kno yu n toot ass love det flu shit . Btt ya avi cutee boo !"
"Y donde se viene a descansar la gripa/And where the flu gets sleeped away "
"Where you been lately  I had the flu. Coming back to school tomorrow "
"Finally getting over this stupid ass flu"
"LOL... are you having stomach flu? because that's what I had last week? flu but with nausea, purging..."
"But he will be saddened more if his political masters catch flu! After all he has to look after their interests!"
"I'm told that people don't get fevers when they have colds. If that means I have the flu, then I want my money back from my flu shot."
"High genuine tape recorder case shield better self exception taken of hong kong flu dye: LavmQcJB"
" Normal people get taken down by flu symptoms but mermen get over them quickly Dan the merman is making a comeback to s"
"I seriously feel like shit and I feel nauseous . I hope it's just because I'm tired because I do not want the flu"
"can I just fake a flu tomorrow?"
" Back ache, headache, fever, flu, sore throat and cough "
"South Korea expands poultry cull on bird flu fears  #health"
"I must have some type of flu , cuz this illness just wont seem to go away "
"yeah me 2 when i had that 24 hour flu. -_-"
"My Voice is gone.. I can't even speak clearly bcs of flu.. hahahaha I can't join them today... so sad ;A;"
""Le flu kumele iphele today!!" chatha"
"Bangun je dah hidung ni cari psl. One side blocked nose and the other side flu... uuurrgghhh"
"im down with the flu"
"i had the flu for 3 days"
" "Flu game" 12's Retweet if: You would rock "
"I liked a video  The Boondocks - The Fried Chicken Flu - Season 3 Episode 13"
"Just what I need a flu bug, ear infection a child who wants to chat or watch tv at 5am"
"I'm immune to flu, I take Tusker.  "Scientists Can Predict the Flu - "
" The Top 12 Natural Flu Treatment Remedies  #flu #remedies"
""This flu shit killing me "you got AIDS"
"Pretty sure I have the flu. "
"Flu and sore throat ! So bad ! :("
""Eating Pussy Is Cure For The Flu you is kill it jed "
"oh I feel like I'm getting the flu or something"
"#Job #LosAngeles ASSISTANT (BELLFLOWER): A USED CAR DEALER IN BELLFLOWER , NEEDS AN ASSISTANT. MUST SPEAK FLU... "
"Back ache, headache, fever, flu, sore throat and cough "
"I hope my nephew dont get me sick lil b-lo got the flu"
"Flu+batuknyaa nyiksaaaaaaa bangettttt:"Justin has the flu. To pass the time hes been watching Batman cartoons on Netflix. The kitschy music soundtrack is driving me bananas."
"So I got my flu shot two days ago and I have a huge red bump that keeps getting bigger where they stuck the needle and shit hurts "
" Contra Costa County woman dies from #flu complications. Bay Area now has 49 flu-related deaths this season o/v8lh"
"why u sad? /pats/ Gtht ... Nado. Just catch by cough and a little flu. Hav took lunch,hyungnim?"
"either i have the flu or senioritisi cant tell the difference"
"The iMessage I just sent Beth is a testament to why I shouldn't be allowed near technology when I'm on flu meds."
"Thank you  #PrayerHeals  In the name of Jesus you're healed  #Kingsley Lord please make this flu go away!"
"I think my teacher who has the flu spread it to me my throat hurts so bad holy cow"
"In bed with the flu!!! This sucks! #flushotdidntdoitsjob"
"flu?  Bed ridden "Pava: Wassup?  Wow "Pava: Morning "Is the flu going around or something?!"
" Lee Jong Suk, who has recovered a lot from his flu, will start filming on February 28  
"I have the flu "
"Feel so ill, cant sleep #flu #blockednose #chestycough"
"Admin MY signing in!Good afternoon :) i'm at the clinic now because im down with flu T_T anyways, Enjoy your day! -MY "
" Also, be careful of cold and flu ^^This is ChenChen  "
"LOLZ pretty sure I'm not pregnant. and I don't have the flu.. "
"A self-administered flu vaccine could be on its way: Researchers found self-vaccination may be possible using ... "
"FREEMALAYSIATODAY: A self-administered flu vaccine could be on its way: Researchers found self-vaccination may... "
" "#PrayerHeals  In the name of Jesus you're healed.  Lord please make this flu go away!""
" Normal people get taken down by flu symptoms but mermen get over them quickly Dan the merman is making a comeback to s"
"Sorry we ran out of the flu virus"
"Two new H7N9 cases as experts suggest H9N2 control | CIDRAP  #H7N9 #flu"
"totally fair - I've had flu! I'm out last week + this + possibly next. but you can take on awesomeness this wk :)"
"Flu can be a bitch though..."
"How do you fight cold flu? The Vicks Starry Night Humidifier may be able to help has 1 to give away! "
""#PrayerHeals  In the name of Jesus you're healed.  Lord please make this flu go away!""
" Jordan battled a 103-degree fever in Game 5 of the 1997 Finals, but scored 38 points to win the game in the Flu Game h"
"*tears fall down my face and holds you* baby I think I have the flu"
"Contra Costa County woman dies from #flu complications. Bay Area now has 49 flu-related deaths this season "
"thanks Barbara.  Kennedy Grace is under the weather.  Nasty flu bug."
" I heard that you had flu. Demi seriously you must take a break. I really want you too feel better. 
"One more fucking day and then I can tell this homework and this flu and this stress to go fuck itself cause I...am...DONE. #boomout"
"i think kels gave me the stomach flu"
" The Top 12 Natural Flu Treatment Remedies  #flu #remedies"
"Lol sooo I have the flu"
" In the name of Jesus you're healed.  Lord please make this flu go away!"
"I DON'T HAVE TIME FOR THE FLU"
"Are you getting the Flu as well? Hahah"
"I heard that you had flu. Demi seriously you must take a break. I really want you too feel better. "
" aw you must take a break, please demi, I am really sad that you have a flu"
"Hidden Threat: The unexpected places germs can hide: El Paso has seen more than 3,000 flu cases this s...  #elpaso"
" Great it's official... I really do have the flu... Damn... And I was the last to withstand the Flu bug too... "
"Damn got the flu an lost my phone its da O"
"Sick of this flu weather"
"Guy vines are back from my flu YES!!"
"Great it's official... I really do have the flu... Damn... And I was the last to withstand the Flu bug too... "
"feel very well today Catching the flu"
"omg havin a really bad flu"
"fucking cold.. or flu or.. i just feel sick"
"I haven't had the flu in 8 years and ion even mess with the flu shot"
"I hope the north will have some cool weather over the weekend. Can't take the heat..last thing I wanna is to get a flu again"
"Heard the stomach flu was going around centre. #springbreakbod #pumped"
" I know hun. I'm #Whedony my faves get killed all the time. The good news is death like the flu in comics. "
" she need to go to the hospital too she sick as shit. She too excited to go out there with the flu for them"
"Got the flu, up sick. No work for me tomorrow."
"aw you must take a break, please demi, I am really sad that you have a flu"
"How do you fight cold flu? The Vicks Starry Night Humidifier may be able to help has 1 to give away! "
"she need to go to the hospital too she sick as shit. She too excited to go out there with the flu for them damn horses!"
"Hungry but no appetite,  not sure to eat something solid? #Diarrhea Pharmacist says possible stomach flu. Not sure what's the difference"
" Normal people get taken down by flu symptoms but mermen get over them quickly Dan the merman is making a comeback to s"
"Q: Which actor is now being quarantined for Swine Flu?... more:  "
"My mom wants to take me to the doctor cause she thinks I have had the flu twice in the past month or so and she thinks image die."
"Hell is having the combined flu and stomach flu in dorm bathrooms during midterm week."
"In the name of Jesus you're healed.  Lord please make this flu go away!"
"Next person say they sick ima find a crazy flu for em thats two in a row already"
" "Top: Bred 12s | Bottom: Flu game 12'sFor those who dont know the difference. " finally they post "
"you still coming tomorrow morning? Pending my man flu I might have to sit it out"
"So glad the weekend's almost here so I can sleep for 3 days and get over this flu."
"Questions Arise about Death of Flu Patient in Montgomery Co. #LiveOnFox17: "
"the only time it's been and was when I was recovering from the stomach flu "
"stomach flu is death"
"Win a vaporizer thermometer to fight the flu season "
"dont mind any weird tweets in the next 6-8 hours i'll be drugged on flu meds"
"Would you rather get a computer virus or the flu?  Computer virus "
" please encourage people to support our first Survivors Forum.   #flu #pray"
"Wow i didn't think I would get this bad! Fuck the flu!  "
"What are the side effects of the flu shot? - Helium "
"stomach flu! That last a few days say you have that!"
"Welp what I thought was a cold was actually the flu. Chills/achy and fever. #cool"
"From Bird Flu to Big Farms: The Rise of Chinas Agriculture. Wired Magazine. "
"I know hun. I'm #Whedony my faves get killed all the time. The good news is death like the flu in comics. But #nobodyissafe"
"Family of 10 year old boy blames pet rat for causing his death after he developed flu-like symptoms "
"My poor baby has the flu "
" #MakingHistory #2ndRoundPlayoffs  FLU GAME!"
"allah yslmkk, i don't think its the flu cause awl mra i feel soar in my throat this much ahli begololi maybe el lowaz"
"Pedialyte and ice brought by the best of friends on stomach flu days. Finding happy in everything. #100happydays "
"Have you heard about that bug going around they are calling JumpJet Sickness? I just call it The Flu #firefall #bestjokeever"
"I'm still clearing snow. Yep. Nice night for salting driveway and for caring for flu affected.  May summer come soon."
" This stomach flu "
"his smile could cure my flu "
"a Carer Any offers lol Its past man flu now I actually am ill lol FuckOf"
" OG flu games  and Oregon duck 5's "
"How do you fight cold flu? The Vicks Starry Night Humidifier may be able to help has 1 to give away! "
"dude that flu is no joke, i was down 9 days last year."
" OG flu games  and Oregon duck 5's "
"Stomach flu is kicking my ass, feeling like I got the plague :("
"aww yeah everyone on our team just randomly got the stomach flu haha I hope you feel better!!:)"
"Forecasting the Future Flu to Build a Better Vaccine  via "think I might have the flu man.really need to go back home..."
"Flu:"Hate to admit it, but we all have a moist persistent cough going on. But it is still is flu season"
"Win a vaporizer thermometer to fight the flu season "
"I added a video to a playlist  Dr. Oz No Flu Shots For My Kids!"
"Pregnant wife has shingles. One kid has chicken pox. One kid has flu is throwing up everywhere. Give me Jesus."
" Hongki's flu is so serious that he has to be put on drip before filming today, hopefully he can recover before FTHX Shang"
" When I get the flu, I don't stay in bed and watch TV. I go on patrol and cough in criminal's faces."
"OG flu games  and Oregon duck 5's "
"99 problems and flu is one of them -_"
"this flu is making u dumb. Evan deletes things."
"Disedot aja :D "Flu :"Win a vaporizer thermometer to fight the flu season "
" #Hongki is down with flu while Yang Jin Sung's toes accidentally hit Hongki's heel and she fell onto the ground.. C"
"-flu-fever-shin splint-babysitting -cleaning"
"I hate having the flu"
"Really not feeling good. This flu better be gone tomorrow "
" When I get the flu, I don't stay in bed and watch TV. I go on patrol and cough in criminal's faces."
"first you said it never happened and now it did but you had flu?"
" #Hongki is down with a flu today and he had to be on a drip before arriving at the filming scene.. Cr: AnniePrinces"
"My throat and flu are already enough to kill me. Weather, do you really have to join in the fun? -_-"
" When I get the flu, I don't stay in bed and watch TV. I go on patrol and cough in criminal's faces."
"awww shame mahn , do you have the flu"
"Q-What are the symptoms of H1N1 flu in children? - "
"I don't need it I got enough health problems to start bacterial flu"
"Jared has taken such wonderful care of me this entire flu. I think I'm going to surprise him this weekend. #LoveHim "
" Also, be careful of cold and flu ^^This is ChenChen  "
"Blame open plan offices for making cold and flu season worse  via "Bisa meringankan flu, ( )- 