"Would you rather get a computer virus or the flu?  Computer virus but not on my laptop on my desktop lol 
"Morning of my 25th birthday, I've had 3 hours sleep and feel rough as fuck. I wish I could say it was due to a wild night. It's not :( #flu"
"Would you rather get a computer virus or the flu?  The #BlueFlu "
"I've been up with the flu the past few nights and it sucks. But thank you!"
"Predictive fitness model for #influenza: Physics, computer science find clues on #flu evolution  #ScienceIsJustAwesome"
"Flu meds are the bomb.... oh hello unicorn..."
"I have flu. I am feeling like Do Min Joon shi. Losing my strength *sniff sniff *"
"Watch out everybody, I'm immune to flu now "
"Just a funny reminder, during cold and flu season. "
"Just left the hospital they was tryna trap me in there .. Huh man I feel terrible my body aching like a mf this flu ain't a joke"
"In case you were still wondering where I stand on dad rock bands...Dave Matthews band Bruce Springsteen The Eagles swine flu"
" Swine flu infestation being set up right now on Main Road after Grosvenor going towards Sandton"
"Fuq this flu shot now I have the flu"
"I'm seriously just kidding about selling my organs on the black market. I can't even get a flu shot much less remove a kidney."
"Flu"Had a really good sleep, fell asleep at 8pm yesterday, woke like an hour ago.. too bad i've the worst flu! #aaahhh"
"#swineflu Two test positive for swine flu in Multan - The News International: Two test positive for swine flu ... "
"Just woke up, feel like nothing on earth, feel like i have the flu and a bit of laryngitis, x"
" Everyone got a flu, so do I. Daehyun pls dont spread it again anywhere lol"
"Long-term variation in influenza A virus prevalence and subtype diversity in migratory mallards in...  #H7N9 #flu"
"Black cement 3s, Hare 7s, Carmine 6s, Cool grey 11s, Flu Game 12s , Olympic 7s.. My fav Jordans ever"
"I had a perfectly mixed song but I fucked it up cause of my clogged ears fuckin stupid flu "
"Dont Let Your Mouth Be Open To The Flu Or Colds: With the cold and flu season still upon us, its important t... "
"Lagi flu batuk..  It's All Coming Back to Me Now by Cline Dion (at RCTI Produksi Gedung Annex Lantai III)  "
"Empat Makanan Usir Flu  ...via "I put a shot of D'USS in my Thera flu.. I hope I don't regret it. I just wanna sleep tho."
"Scientific American Vietnam on High Alert over Flu Risk Scientific American Flickr/aprilskiver "
"Starting to feel myself again. Stomach flu sucks :("
"The flu is attacking now.."
"My mom wants to wear masks cause measules is going around? the flu??"
"Having the flu is stupid..."
"Looks like I have two sick kids just in the time for the weekend. Here's hoping it's just reaction from the flu shots last night night"
"No Flu Shotz For These Thotties Jus Molly N Probably Some Oxy-Contin....."
"yesterday Grammy made me get a flu shot and I didn't even resisti guess this is growing up"
"Would you rather get a computer virus or the flu?  computer virus??? "
"lol I feel you man, I had the flu all weekend, it sucked dude."
"cold,fever,flu...."
"Taxidermy as art? Where do you stand? While laying in bed trying to recover from a horrid cold/flu I stumbled... "
":) I'm ok - rest of my family has passed the flu around"
"oh no, my throat hurt really bad yesterday and now I'm pretty sure I have the flu. Look after yourself okay bb O-O"
" Swine flu infestation being set up right now on Main Road after Grosvenor going towards Sandton"
"I swear if my brother gives me the stomach flu .."
"This Flu doesn't want me to be great..."
"Did he kiss junhong? = =  so its himchans turn with the flu now ? :("
"That nigga had the flu an told meggs to tweet an say he got shot."
"good getting over this 24hr flu"
"take your time. I don't need my Italian soda getting the flu. While I'm at it- CAN WE GET DIFFERENT FLAVORS?! It's getting old"
"I was kinda hoping you woulda died from the flu"
"Title: Flu Shot May Lower Stroke Risk, TooCategory: Health NewsCreated: 2/25/2014 12:35:00 PMLast Editorial... "
"This flu gotten so bad"
"I think I lost 20 pounds from this flu I have so yay lol #jkiwish"
"Just found out my friend was in the hospital with the flu for a couple of days. Stay warm everybody. #sweaterweather"
"Flu Bomb Recipe from doTERRA. Take when you notice the first symptom and within a day it will be gone. #Inspir... "
"Slight flu + fever + body ache "
"I really think this flu/cold is gonna kill me if I don't go to the doctor tomorrow"
" Tetap aja flu nya belum kelar:"I'd like to propose a toas to my econ profesor getting the flu and canceling classHere's to u, Alperen*clink* "
"Is you sick from the dick or is it tha flu"
""Get this lil b*tch out my face nigga I hooped with the flu.Nigga Iook at my mustache im like MLK Jr out this heaux"  "
"For anyone not in college yet, if you complain about food quality now you have another thing coming. I feel like I have stomach flu at l ..."
" I'm home I'm home! But currently out with the flu. I'll be back on Friday!"
"Haha lmfao i'm so weak idk what i'm doing probly the flu meds is kicking in"
"aint feelin well ay.M nt evn gng to skwl,my flu became worse ay :("
"thanks, and thanks for the bug reports. Flu had me out of commission, but I'll be getting back to it today."
" Flu Project: ERD Commander MsDa "
"Flu Project: ERD Commander MsDa "
" .bird #flu risk assessment: #H7N9 #H5N1 in poultry represent a significant long-term threat to humans. http"
"Tetap aja flu nya belum kelar:"Ah flu menyeraaaang:" Swine flu infestation being set up right now on Main Road after Grosvenor going towards Sandton"
"Thanks Cade for giving me the stomach flu. YOU'RE FRICKEN AWESOME!"
"What happen to you? R u okayy??  Nah just a very bad headache plus flu:(  yup I should be okay thanks "
"Flu + Headache + limping = fml"
"you have the flu? "
"ChuckNorris once gave the Flu a virus."
"Are you for real?  Swine flu infestation being set up right now on Main Road after Grosvenor going towards Sandton"
"Arghh!! This flu! Freaking nuisance!"
"I feel like I'm coming down with the flu... And my supervisor just got over it. "
"aww I was missing your pretty smile actually..bus yar was dwn with flu abhi much better alhamdulillah"
"getting cold and flu.. "
"Current situation  Chamomile, bubbles, candles, slow jams. Time to get rid of this flu..  "
"getting cold and flu.. "
"Mom gave me a flu remedy but it taste like s*****t"
"Swine flu infestation being set up right now on Main Road after Grosvenor going towards Sandton"
"Never have I ever been so excited to get back to work and train! This flu was a wake-up call. Time to do work and smash my goals! #gametime"
"Stayed home from work today with some flu shit. One minute I'm wearing layers freezing my ass off, next I want to strip down roll in snow."
"Sad because ik I'm getting this fuckin stomach flu "
"Here's The Calculation The CDC Used To Determine That This Year's Flu Is The Worst In A Long Time -  Wikimedia... "
"Tired as FUCK!! And I have the flu again :-( I won't be sleeping so comfortable. *sobbing*"
"tomato soup just told my flu fuck off #thanksmom"
" Let's all just take a second to thank for being awesome and helping me through the flu! "
"I either have the flu or strep throat. "
"When people come to the clinic and say they have flu the receptionist can hear them but when you come and say STD athi "huh" speak louder."
"I had the flu last year I literally felt like I was dying lol I don't do well with being sick !! Praying it's just something small "
"How do you fight cold flu? The Vicks Starry Night Humidifier may be able to help has 1 to give away! "
"Let's all just take a second to thank for being awesome and helping me through the flu! "
"turn down for the flu"
" Two test positive for swine flu in Multan - The News International: Two test positive fo... "
"Two test positive for swine flu in Multan - The News International: Two test positive f...  "
"Flu,batuk,pilek:"First morning sickness, now the flu...it would be nice to feel normal again #sigh"
"I have used so much, with this horrible flu."
"wtf is the point of the flu shot this is such bs"
"This flu is making mincemeat of all my gangster points. #foetalposition #cryingformommy #ithinkiwanticecream"
"Breaking bad, porridge and Jack Russell cuddles were made for sad, flu-ey mornings #feelinglikecrap"
"Am i the one who catch the flu or im the one being caught?"
" Secret to surviving flu season? shares her teacher secrets!  #HealthcareClinic #shop"
"Down with the flu. Not to bad this time. Maybe the honey is helping."
"They'll be worth more than the flu games lmao"
"If you have avoided the flu or have just endured it -a cryotherapy session will help you reset and strengthen... "
"Stomach flu, headache the urge to vomit all at once.."
"This stomach flu honestly is the worst thing ever  "bastian lg flu semoga cepat sembuh yaaaaaa"
"is she really? Lol I threw up at school. I have the stomach flu. I should be there tomorrow"
"Are you OK.Not the beginnings of Flu or some other nasty little virus I hope. Weather doesn't help either does it.#sunshine"
"this flu just ruined 3 days of my life ok"
"This nausea-by-flu' is so potent, doctor's meds, and supps, not helping much."
"Apparently the way I am gives off the vibe that I pop pills?? Lol wow ok. The only pills I pop are cold and flu tablets."
"Well us girls probably have the flu but it's all good bc we're better together ;) x"
" not feeling well looks like I'm going down with a flu but I hope di matuloy "
" ICYMI: 7th flu-related death in #CoCo County announced today  " flu and fever gods ill give u a lap dance and Girl Scout cookies just make me bettter"
"Ice cream is the emotional cure for the flu and a bursting eardrum "
"Flu Shot May Lower Stroke Risk, Too: Title: Flu Shot May Lower Stroke Risk, TooCategory: Health NewsCreated: 2... "
" flu and fever gods ill give u a lap dance and Girl Scout cookies just make me bettter"
" flu and fever gods ill give u a lap dance and Girl Scout cookies just make me bettter"
"Not a fan of the yearly "flu jab"? A self-administrated flu vaccine patch might be a future alternative. "
"he's got the flu too"
"flu and fever gods ill give u a lap dance and Girl Scout cookies just make me bettter"
"I mean seriously. A bad flu makes me cry."
"Thinking of getting the man-flu."
"There is nothing worse than the stomach flu. Nothing. NOTHING."
" Heads up guys watching ESPN. Worrell just said Parsons has the flu tonight, so that kinda explains what we're seeing."
"Worrell claims he's battling the flu. Not sure I buy it"
" Heads up guys watching ESPN. Worrell just said Parsons has the flu tonight, so that kinda explains what we're seeing."
"When your brother is infecting everyone in the house hold with the flu -___-"
"LOL i'm glad you're sick. fuck you, i hope it turns into the flu and you puke your guts out."
