"Apparently I'm not sick but I actually have the flu which is ten times worse ()*:"
"my whole back neck feel bruised  #aftermath #flu #bodyaches"
"Hahaha I almost wrote glue instead of flu"
"Di musim panas merupakan hari bermain gembira Sang gajah terkena flu pilek tiada henti-hentinya"
"hariii ini kerjaaa cuman ngabisin banyaaaak tissuueeee, pliisssss sembuh flu nya :("
"Dying of flu."
"its the "stomach flu" or gastro"
"flu.. brengsekk...datang ga ngasih tau dulu..."
"Much love to for filling in for me tonight while I'm still recovering from this flu virus  #disshitsucks"
"Would you rather get a computer virus or the flu?  Computer virus but not on my laptop on my desktop lol 
"man flu :("
"I've been up with the flu the past few nights and it sucks. But thank you!"
"#FLU name design "
"Predictive fitness model for #influenza: Physics, computer science find clues on #flu evolution  #ScienceIsJustAwesome"
"Flu meds are the bomb.... oh hello unicorn..."
"Just a funny reminder, during cold and flu season. "
"fuk a flu shot"
""#RemajaIndonesia Semoga Besok....?"Smbuh dri flu:3"
"Vietnam on high alert over flu risk  via  #flu #pandemicplanning #H7N9"
" Tetap aja flu nya belum kelar:"Jadi mikir, ntar kalo udah melahirkan terus kena flu, berarti harus pake masker tiap mau deketin bayi ... :|"
" Swine flu infestation being set up right now on Main Road after Grosvenor going towards Sandton"
"Fuq this flu shot now I have the flu"
"I'm seriously just kidding about selling my organs on the black market. I can't even get a flu shot much less remove a kidney."
"Flu"Had a really good sleep, fell asleep at 8pm yesterday, woke like an hour ago.. too bad i've the worst flu! #aaahhh"
"Efek karna ngejekin org flu jd flu juga kan"
"#swineflu Two test positive for swine flu in Multan - The News International: Two test positive for swine flu ... "
"Just woke up, feel like nothing on earth, feel like i have the flu and a bit of laryngitis, x"
" Everyone got a flu, so do I. Daehyun pls dont spread it again anywhere lol"
"Long-term variation in influenza A virus prevalence and subtype diversity in migratory mallards in...  #H7N9 #flu"
"Black cement 3s, Hare 7s, Carmine 6s, Cool grey 11s, Flu Game 12s , Olympic 7s.. My fav Jordans ever"
"Hooh :(( flu attack"
" flu attack"
"Sepertinya mau flu. Semoga dugaan ku salah.."
""Flu? Coba Empat CaraIni! " Coba nih harus #BrunoPinkJKT"
"I had a perfectly mixed song but I fucked it up cause of my clogged ears fuckin stupid flu "
"Lagi flu batuk..  It's All Coming Back to Me Now by Cline Dion (at RCTI Produksi Gedung Annex Lantai III)  "
"Empat Makanan Usir Flu  ...via "I put a shot of D'USS in my Thera flu.. I hope I don't regret it. I just wanna sleep tho."
"Batuk Flu yang tak berkesudahan ini dipersembahkan oleh Samapta :)"
"Starting to feel myself again. Stomach flu sucks :("
"The flu is attacking now.."
"My mom wants to wear masks cause measules is going around? the flu??"
"Having the flu is stupid..."
"Looks like I have two sick kids just in the time for the weekend. Here's hoping it's just reaction from the flu shots last night night"
"yesterday Grammy made me get a flu shot and I didn't even resisti guess this is growing up"
"Would you rather get a computer virus or the flu?  computer virus??? "
"lol I feel you man, I had the flu all weekend, it sucked dude."
"Flu gara2 debu banyak woy :'("
"Did he kiss junhong? = =  so its himchans turn with the flu now ? :("
"hahaa aok.demam, flu, sore throat, batuk pening :/"
"good getting over this 24hr flu"
"take your time. I don't need my Italian soda getting the flu. While I'm at it- CAN WE GET DIFFERENT FLAVORS?! It's getting old"
"I was kinda hoping you woulda died from the flu"
"flu"
"Xde ngantuk lg ke ubt flu ni... Aiyakkk... Xnk tido meyhhh"
"Title: Flu Shot May Lower Stroke Risk, TooCategory: Health NewsCreated: 2/25/2014 12:35:00 PMLast Editorial... "
"Makasih anti Gws ka Badan panas kepala pusing flu batuk pilek wkwk lengkap banget ya:')"
"Flu melanda,, tapi hati bahagia liat travelbag..la..la"
"ka nuy gett well soon ya buat flu nya;;))) jngn lupa minum obatt:))"
"Flu ohh flu...Sungguh menyeksakan.."
"This flu gotten so bad"
"I think I lost 20 pounds from this flu I have so yay lol #jkiwish"
"Flu Bomb Recipe from doTERRA. Take when you notice the first symptom and within a day it will be gone. #Inspir... "
"I really think this flu/cold is gonna kill me if I don't go to the doctor tomorrow"
" Sigue creyendo que el que tiene flu y corbata es ms sincero."
"Is you sick from the dick or is it tha flu"
""Get this lil b*tch out my face nigga I hooped with the flu.Nigga Iook at my mustache im like MLK Jr out this heaux"  "
"Haha lmfao i'm so weak idk what i'm doing probly the flu meds is kicking in"
"aint feelin well ay.M nt evn gng to skwl,my flu became worse ay :("
"Flu yay"
"thanks, and thanks for the bug reports. Flu had me out of commission, but I'll be getting back to it today."
"Batuk flu ,mengganggu :'("
" Flu Project: ERD Commander MsDa "
"sembuh dums, gabetah nih flu mele-_-"
"Flu Project: ERD Commander MsDa "
"Tetap aja flu nya belum kelar:"Ah flu menyeraaaang:" Swine flu infestation being set up right now on Main Road after Grosvenor going towards Sandton"
"Thanks Cade for giving me the stomach flu. YOU'RE FRICKEN AWESOME!"
"Okay ga pake bb"Lo gak pake bb lagi bil?  "Flu terus :''"""
"abang dek kalo flu, beli obatnya di suman...#abanggituorangnya"
"What happen to you? R u okayy??  Nah just a very bad headache plus flu:(  yup I should be okay thanks "
"Flu + Headache + limping = fml"
"Arghh!! This flu! Freaking nuisance!"
"abang dek kalo flu merah muka abang..#abanggituorangnya"
"sama...ak jg lagi flu berat dr selasa nih...batuk pilek nyiksa.. .__."
"getting cold and flu.. "
"getting cold and flu.. "
"Never have I ever been so excited to get back to work and train! This flu was a wake-up call. Time to do work and smash my goals! #gametime"
"sedikit flu. Hehe"
"sepulang dari tanah suci si mama malah tepar and flu, GWS mama, GWS papa :'( im so worried."
"Stayed home from work today with some flu shit. One minute I'm wearing layers freezing my ass off, next I want to strip down roll in snow."
"Sad because ik I'm getting this fuckin stomach flu "
"sbnrnya jus jeruk hangat ini gaenak. Cm krn lg flu batuk demam ya dimnum ajala"
"Here's The Calculation The CDC Used To Determine That This Year's Flu Is The Worst In A Long Time -  Wikimedia... "
"Letih gila. Badan taklarat dah ni. Flu :("
"Tired as FUCK!! And I have the flu again :-( I won't be sleeping so comfortable. *sobbing*"
"tomato soup just told my flu fuck off #thanksmom"
"damn he probably has the flu ya lo llevastes al doc ?"
"Habis ngobat malah ngefly. Sialan obat flu yang satu ini :O"
"I either have the flu or strep throat. "
"When people come to the clinic and say they have flu the receptionist can hear them but when you come and say STD athi "huh" speak louder."
"I had the flu last year I literally felt like I was dying lol I don't do well with being sick !! Praying it's just something small "
"Habis flu terbitlah batuk ini sakit gak ada sembuhnya apa :("
" Two test positive for swine flu in Multan - The News International: Two test positive fo... "
"Two test positive for swine flu in Multan - The News International: Two test positive f...  "
"Flu nya nyiksa banget :'("
"Flu,batuk,pilek:"First morning sickness, now the flu...it would be nice to feel normal again #sigh"
"I have used so much, with this horrible flu."
"Flu~~ "
" "ngelive ka?"buka bukaan Rcti now!!! Adaa bastiaan :d"" gakkk... lagii flu"
"Kayungyun enyak () () () "Jangkrikkk :D "Umbel kok diplihara-_- "ajengwulanrp: Flu teruss -_-"
"They'll be worth more than the flu games lmao"
"Stomach flu, headache the urge to vomit all at once.."
"This stomach flu honestly is the worst thing ever  "bastian lg flu semoga cepat sembuh yaaaaaa"
" Aku batok boss flu adoh adoh"
"De Longe do Fla-Flu histrico na internet, h um novo Brasil que se desenha. "
"is she really? Lol I threw up at school. I have the stomach flu. I should be there tomorrow"
"Lo gak pake bb lagi bil?  "Flu terus :''""
"Ya"#SuperKepo Ya or Tidak, mulai gejala Flu ?""
"Legal foi a Cabofriense estar vencendo o Flu e o resultado ser bom pro Flamengo. A o Fred empatou no fim e o resultado se tornou excelente."
"This nausea-by-flu' is so potent, doctor's meds, and supps, not helping much."
"Lagi gak baik."Emang cuacanya kenapa?  Flu cuaca."Flu bird?  Flu teh ya...ripuh."""
"Apparently the way I am gives off the vibe that I pop pills?? Lol wow ok. The only pills I pop are cold and flu tablets."
"Well us girls probably have the flu but it's all good bc we're better together ;) x"
" not feeling well looks like I'm going down with a flu but I hope di matuloy "
